one day the los angeles times columnist steve lopez was walking in the streets of los angeles , he heard a great music .
the origin was a man , an american man , a lovely , miserable , homeless , only two strands of violin .
and i &apos;m telling you a story that many of you know , because steve &apos;s columnist was the foundation of a book that was later taken to film , and steve lopez jr was the foundation of a book that steve lopez jr , and his career was very short short of schizophrenia .
he left michigan , he had a big depression , and 30 years later , he lived homeless in the los angeles city .
i want steve &apos;s book to read all of you , or you just have to see the movie , not just these extraordinary links between these two guys , but in the form of the music that i use , and at the end of what i use , a instrument that i use .
i met mr. abrahams in 2008 , two years ago , two years ago in walt disney concert .
he had heard the performance of beethoven &apos;s first and fourth symphony , and he came back to the stage and he showed himself .
well , he was talking about her and hillary clinton , and he was very close to him , and he was talking about the story of superman , and the fact that jerry &apos;s fourth symphony never won the world .
and we started talking about music , and a couple of days later , steve asked me to take a violin lesson from me .
now , i should say that nathaniel refused his treatment , because when he got treated , he was shocked by this shock , and it took the rest of his life to his whole life .
but as a result of that , this is the schizophrenic times . it &apos;s the most evil of these times , and it shows that the most evil of it is that it &apos;s going to be exposed to the streets of the street , and it &apos;s exposed to the wall of the street where it &apos;s going on its own .
and when walt disney was first at the concert hall , when we started first in our first genome , nathaniel was a woman , and there was a mockingbird in his eyes .
and he was talking about the invisible devil and the fire , and it &apos;s how someone eats it .
and i was scared , not for myself , but i was afraid that i was going to get it , and i was afraid that i was going to be able to get rid of one of the other things that i had , and i was afraid of the other fascinating forms of the violin and the violin and the violin .
so i just started playing .
i played the first move of beethoven &apos;s violin piano .
and i found out that there was a very profound change in the eyes of nathaniel &apos;s eyes .
it was like some of the invisible biomedical , chemical reactions control the control of a chemical reactions , and that &apos;s the catalyst .
and nathaniel &apos;s mad anger was a sense of understanding and quiet curiosity and quiet curiosity .
and with a miracle , he removed his own violin , and he started playing the pieces of violin , and then he asked me to finish , and then , if i wanted to finish , i was the bollywood , romeo .
and we started talking about music , bach &apos;s beethoven and bach , matthieu , and the whole b , and from all the b .
and i realized that it was also associated with music , except for an authentic music information .
he talked about her passion and understanding , and i share this feeling with my colleagues at los angeles philharmonic .
and by making music and talking about music , this guy turned into a funny , unfamiliar , brilliant man who walked through the streets in los angeles , who had been walking around the streets in los angeles .
music is running . music changes us .
and for nathaniel , the music is mental health .
because it allows music to take their minds and their minds into reality , allowing them to turn themselves into reality .
and this is the escape of his innocence .
and i realized that this is the most important way of art .
this is the main reason why we do music , and we have a sense of something that exists in each of us , and we have an artistic eye , and we can create an artistic eye , we can transform these emotions into reality .
and the truth of a phrase is that we all reach , it affects , it &apos;s inspiring , and it brings it together .
and for nathaniel , music turns him back to the nest .
the power of music brings it back to the family of musicians who understand the talent and the musicians who deserve it .
and i &apos;m always going to do a music with nathaniel disney , in the walt disney concert , because he reminds me why i &apos;m a musician , because he reminds me why i &apos;m a musician .
thank you .
bruno johannis : thank you . be right .
robert gupta .
robert gupta : i want to play something that i &apos;d like to steal out of the singers .
please pardon me .
i had a lot of fish for my life .
i just liked two .
the first was a more passionate relationship .
it was a beautiful fish , delicious , delicious , a lot of beer on the menu .
but he was eating .
even better , he was raised in a farm in line with the highest sustainability standards .
so you can feel good when you sell fish .
i had a couple of months of relationship .
one day , he called the company and asked the company to talk about sustainability .
i said , &quot; absolutely . &quot;
so here &apos;s a company trying to solve this unimaginable problem of our chiefs , how do we spend fish in the next ?
in the last 50 years , we &apos;ve been looking for fish in the sea .
it &apos;s hard to expose .
90 percent of the big fish , we loved , we loved the fish , the krill , the puffer , all of them .
almost nothing has happened .
so , or this , the water products are going to be part of our future .
there &apos;s a lot of arguments that are opposed to this , and the fish farms create pollution , at least most of them create , and the inefficient , ton of fish .
the union has a food processing rate .
this means that we need ten kilograms of wild fish to get a kilogram of tuna in the farm .
it &apos;s not sustainable .
it &apos;s not very good .
there was a company .
i wanted to support this company .
the previous day , i called the company &apos;s public relations director .
let &apos;s call him zero .
i said , &quot; don &apos;t just understand the events , i &apos;m asking you to be very far away from the sea , so you &apos;re not going to have pollution . &quot;
he said , &quot; right , &quot; he said , &quot; we &apos;re very , very far away from our fish , they &apos;re not concentrated . &quot;
and then he added , &quot; we &apos;re like we &apos;re in an independent world .
is the food processing rate ? &quot;
&quot; the best . &quot;
&quot; one , great . &quot;
&quot; what ? what do you feed ? &quot;
he said , &quot; sustainable protein . &quot;
i said , &quot; great , &quot; i shut down .
and i thought that night , and i thought , well , what is sustainable protein ?
so the next day , i dialed immediately before the event .
i said , &quot; don &apos;t don &apos;t see what sustainable protein ?
he said he didn &apos;t know . he would ask him .
i interviewed a few people from the company , and no one had a clear answer to me , and eventually i did a phone conversation .
let &apos;s call it don .
i said , &quot; don &apos;t worry , what sustainable protein ? &quot;
he talked about some algae and fish , and then chicken teeth .
i said , &quot; are you chicken teeth ? &quot;
and he said , &quot; yeah , frozen hair , skin , bone powder , tar , &quot; .
two percent said , &quot; the lord you use is a percent . &quot;
the other one is chicken ? &quot;
he said , &quot; about 30 percent . &quot;
i said , &quot; don &apos;t don &apos;t see what the fish feed the fish ? &quot;
and there was a long silence , and he said , &quot; there &apos;s a lot of chicken in the world . &quot;
my love with this fish ended .
no , it &apos;s not because i &apos;m a fake gourmet gourmet .
i really am .
no , my love with this fish ended because i swear that the fish &apos;s taste began to come like chicken .
second fish is another story of love .
romantic species is kind of like you fall in love with your neighbor .
i ate this fish for the first time in a restaurant in southern spain .
a journalist has been talking about this fish for a long time .
he did that .
fish came to the table , bright , almost glowing white color .
the conductor fish was eating .
it &apos;s twice as much as necessary .
but it was delicious .
who can make it delicious after a fish is cooked ?
i can &apos;t do it , but this guy can do it .
he &apos;s called miguel , and he &apos;s actually called miguel .
and no , it &apos;s cooking , it &apos;s not the conductor , it &apos;s not the way we know it .
he &apos;s a biologist from her .
gyurcsany is a fish farm in southwestern spain .
on the end of the river .
the farm was in the hands of the nazis until the 1980s .
they basically grow meat beef in the region , the wetlands .
they were doing this in the field .
they built the canopy channels , and they drove the water out of the land .
well , they didn &apos;t do that , economically .
and it was a disaster .
about 90 percent of the birds died , so that &apos;s a lot of bird .
and so in 1982 , the environment bought a spanish company with a environmental consciousness .
what did they do ?
they reverse the flow of water .
they literally turned the wheel into the paintbrush .
instead of throwing water out , they used the channels to pull water back .
they allowed them to get water .
they created a three-story fish farm -- algae , shark , shrimp , fish -- and this process completely reversed the ecological catastrophe .
this farm is incredible .
so , you &apos;ve never seen anything like this .
you look at the orbit around millions of miles away , and all you see , and all you see , these thick , rich swamp land .
i was there with miguel .
a wonderful man , three pieces charles darwin and a piece of kermit , is a little bit .
okay ? we &apos;re in the wetlands , and i &apos;m in the field of breath , and i &apos;m walking up , and i lay in my knees , and miguel is giving a healthy biology lesson .
here &apos;s a rare ec .
now , the dolphins are talking about their minerals .
and here , this is a pattern that reminded him of the guinea giraffe .
miguel spent most of his career at the national park of hawaii .
and i asked him how to look like this .
&quot; fish ? i knew nothing about fish .
i am interested in relations , &quot; he said .
and then the rare birds continued to talk about algae and weird water plants .
and don &apos;t get me wrong , it was really fascinating , it was something like the milky .
but i was embarrassed .
and my mind was the last night i was eating a lot of refined delicious .
so , i said , &quot; miguel , what makes your fish delicious ? &quot;
he pointed to the algae .
&quot; i know , the algae , the algae , the oceans , the great .
but what do you eat ?
what is the food processing rate ? &quot;
the fish is a very rich system , and fish normally eat in nature , miguel said .
this is plant biomass , plankton , dolphins , fish .
the system is so healthy that it completely absorbs itself .
there &apos;s no lure .
have you ever heard of a farm that feeds animals ?
and in the day , along with miguel , i asked miguel , and i asked miguel , &quot; how do you see the success in a place that looked like this ?
i was like a film director who was invited at the moment .
we went to the corner , and i witnessed the most amazing stage , thousands and thousands of pink bushes , the pink carpet , which is literally the end of the word .
&quot; this is the achievement , &quot; he said .
look at their backs , pink .
they have fun . &quot;
the celebration ? i was completely confused .
and i said , &quot; miguel , do they not eat your food ? &quot;
he said , &quot; yes . &quot;
&quot; we lost 20 percent of our fish and fish for birds .
last year there were 600,000 birds , 250 species .
today , this land has become one of the most important in all europe , &quot; he said .
i said , &quot; miguel , isn &apos;t it the last thing you can want to you in a growing bird farm ? &quot;
he shook his head in a charity .
&quot; we are making a volatile farming , not variable .
this is a ecological network .
they eat turtles .
shrimp eat plankton .
so the umbilical is more pink , the system is better , &quot; he said .
okay , now let &apos;s move on to a farm that feeds animals from the health of a farm that feeds animals .
a fish farm , but also a bird protection .
oh , by the way , the elephant didn &apos;t have the first place there .
in a town about 17 miles away , they lived in a place where the land conditions were better .
they fly 35km kilometers to come to the farm every morning .
and they &apos;re flying away every night .
they &apos;re doing this because they can watch the eleventh highway line of the 92 highway .
i &apos;m not kidding .
i was kind of imagining something like the gait of penguins , so i looked at miguel .
&quot; miguel , they fly to the farm and fly back to the farm at the night , &quot; he said .
do they do that for their children ? &quot;
i looked like i was looking at a whitney houston song .
&quot; no . they do that because food is better , &quot; he said .
i &apos;m not talking about my dear flesh , and i don &apos;t like fish leather , i don &apos;t like it . i don &apos;t like it .
this is the aromatic , like tar .
i &apos;m almost eating fish with fish .
yet , when i looked at this fish &apos;s skin in the restaurant in southern spain , it didn &apos;t look like fish .
it &apos;s sweet and painful , it &apos;s like a bite on the ocean .
i spoke to miguel , and he passed it with him .
&quot; it acts like skin sponge .
it was the last one that had to enter into the body .
it was evolved to feed pollution , &quot; he said .
and he added , &quot; but we don &apos;t have pollution in our water . &quot;
okay . it &apos;s a farm that feeds fish . it &apos;s a farm measuring its success according to success .
and then i realized that , in a farm that miguel had not had pollution , it was very poor , because it was coming from the river of salt .
this river is a river that carries rivers today , and the chemical pollutants , the contamination of the toxins .
this water is flowing through the system , and it &apos;s a clean way into the system .
the system is so healthy that it cleans water .
so it &apos;s not just a farm that feeds animals , but it &apos;s not just a farm measuring their success , but also for the water , but also for you and for the fish , but also for you and for me .
because when it comes to this water , it goes to the atlantic ocean .
it &apos;s a drop in the ocean , i know , but i &apos;m going to accept it , because it &apos;s the story of love , it &apos;s also teaching .
let &apos;s say , &quot; we &apos;re talking about coke , &quot; that &apos;s the recipe of good food .
now the new , radical agriculture concept that we need now is a agriculture concept that food is really delicious .
but for many people , it &apos;s a bit radical .
we &apos;re not in the mirror . we &apos;re not like it .
we love farmers &apos; markets . we love small family farms . we talk about local food .
and when you tell you that this is going to be the future of good food , one somewhere says , &quot; hey , i love pink giraffes , but how do you feed the world ?
how do you feed the world ? &quot;
can i be honest ?
i don &apos;t like this question .
no , it &apos;s not because we &apos;re producing more calories to feed the world .
a billion people will be hungry today .
one billion -- this is more than a billion -- because of the distribution of the distribution of the distribution .
now , i don &apos;t like this question because it determines the logic of our food system for the last 50 years .
&quot; how bad can we be more people if we buy more people cheaper ? &quot;
the motivation is always that . this is the case that the american agriculture plan is .
we &apos;ve got to put it name , and it &apos;s a sector that has been able to produce a industry , the industrial capital that makes production possible .
it &apos;s not a industry , and it &apos;s not agriculture .
today , our bread is under threat , not because of declining supply , because of declining supply .
it &apos;s not the last crop and the tractor innovation , but in terms of efficient land , it &apos;s not the water , but in the water , it &apos;s not the fish , but the fish , the fish , the fish , the fish , and the networks .
you want to feed the world ?
so let &apos;s start with the question : how do we feed ourselves ?
or better , how do we create the conditions that allow all communities to feed themselves ?
to do this , you don &apos;t think about the agricultural industry model for the future .
this model is really old and tired .
in terms of the capital , chemistry and machines , it has never produced good food .
so look at the ecological model .
this is the model based on two billion years of active experience .
, miguel , like miguel .
farmers who are not an independent world , instead of being able to consume , but have to trust farmers who are producing raw production , not only producers , but not only producers , but on the basis of their relations .
because those are the experts who are experts .
and if i &apos;m really honest , they &apos;re better than me .
there &apos;s no problem with this because if the future of good food is going to be , it will be delicious .
thank you .
if i give you a big idea today , the idea is that all the data that we consume is big , and what i want you to think about is that we &apos;re not going to be able to think of this information as a source of information , and it can &apos;t be able to look at this information as it can .
what we see here is a typical death rate , which is a typical death rate .
this is a tool that i use .
i &apos;m going to take these deaths in the name and the ace , and i can use these deaths as one reason .
and , instantly , i see that a different page is emerging .
because , in this central area , people are the most active , and they &apos;re the most slender .
it can go back again , and we can rearrange the data in terms of death causes , and we can see that it &apos;s not about the disease and the cancer , but not for everyone .
and i &apos;m going to go back and say , you know , i &apos;m going to say , &quot; you know , i &apos;m going to take the age and six and six years old , which is the reason that accidents are really the most worrying .
and if you go deeper , this is especially true for men .
you know that the information and data are just like swimming in a lively sea of information .
and if we can do that for raw data , why do i do it for content ?
what we see here is the headlines of all sports magazine magazine .
all right here , all the internet .
after my talk , you can go home and try yourself .
you can go to the ace with a decade of detail .
you can go to a certain year .
you can get a direct number .
i look at this , i look at these numbers of athletes , sports branches .
i &apos;m a fan of lance armstrong , so i &apos;m going to give you the same numbers that i &apos;m going to give you , which brings me all the numbers of lance armstrong .
if i want to take a look at them , i can think , &quot; did i look at the numbers of bicycles ? &quot;
one step back , and i &apos;ll open it .
and now i see greg beckett .
you know , you &apos;re going to go to this kind of information that &apos;s going on and forth , more narrow , farther , further , further , you don &apos;t find anything .
you &apos;re doing something that &apos;s a little bit different .
it &apos;s a thing , and we think that it &apos;s going to change the way we use information .
i want to conclude this idea a little bit crazy .
so what we &apos;re doing here is we take all wikipedia pages and we put it in a little bit .
the acronym consists of a brick , which says it comes from a small sum .
i &apos;m just showing you the most popular 500 wikipedia pages .
but even with this limited image , we can do a lot of things .
instantly , we can take a sense of what the most popular issues in wikipedia are .
i &apos;m going to go on and go on the state issue .
now , by choosing the state of the state , i can see the time magazine is the times of the year .
this is really important because it &apos;s a concept that doesn &apos;t have any wikipedia on its own .
it &apos;s possible to just go back and look at all of it .
when i look at one of these special statements , time magazine can go to the human concept of the year , and i can bring it all together .
i can see that the majority come from government leadership , some of them come from the state of nature . some of them come from the business community , and one of them comes from music . and one comes from music .
but the singer bono is also the winner of ted prize .
and so we can go and get all the ted prize winners .
you see , it &apos;s the first time that the internet looks like this , and it &apos;s not really a really somber , but we &apos;re looking at a higher level of abstraction .
i want to show you another thing that might surprise you .
here &apos;s the website of the new york times .
so , this is the app , i don &apos;t mean the browser , but it &apos;s not really a browser , but you can map it -- and we bring it to every site like this .
i can go back a step back , i can go back to a certain part .
and the reason that this is important is that i can only look pages in this way , and i can look at the same way as a whole scan .
i can look at what i do in certain periods .
this is actually the demonstration that i &apos;ve given .
and i can rotate these things that look at this morning .
and if i go back and look at something , i can break my past , maybe i can break my past into pieces , and i &apos;m doing the search for my work lab .
and it can go to the web page , and i can put it back again .
a lot of times , and it makes a lot bigger than the sum of all of its parts .
now , in this world , we see data as a curse .
we talk about excessive information .
we &apos;re talking about drowning .
what if we reverse this , and if we reverse the internet , something else is going to go to something else , to go to something else , to go to something else , and start to see the outdated patterns ?
if we can do that , we can be able to get out of these things between the data .
and we can just pull information beyond the information .
and if we get information , there is also wisdom that awaits it .
so , thank you .
i grew up with science .
when i was in school , i was going to school bus ; i was on the road every day .
and it &apos;s always a science book that brings myself to a book , and it &apos;s a science book that leads me to other worlds , through stories .
this is the curiosity . when i was in school , i was going to the forest , walking into the forest and doing it , and i was doing it , and the frogs , the snakes , the insects , the insects , and i was looking at the microscope .
i was a complete scientist .
but all of these things have to understand the boundaries of the world .
and my passion in fiction , as i was around , was reflected as if i was around , because in the late end of the day , we were exploring the ocean .
and jacques cousteau , who went into our homes , and we were able to go into our homes , and we &apos;d never imagined it , it showed us a very unusual world .
and that was kind of like the science side .
and i was a painter .
i could , i could paint .
and i realized that i created these images in my mind , because video games , special effects movies , and there are no more visual material in the media .
every child who has to read books is like all of us who have to reflect the picture of the writer in our mind .
so i started drawing the alien creatures , robots and space ships .
i was caught in the mathematics class when i was constantly looking behind the book .
so , creativity was a place that would emerge .
and interestingly , jacques cousteau has convinced me that there is a different world in the world .
and one day i couldn &apos;t go to a whole new world with a space vehicle , but it wasn &apos;t possible .
but it was a world that i could really go to , and here , in the world , i was just as colorful and different as i heard in the back of the world .
i decided to be a diver , when i was 15 .
and the only problem : i lived in a village in canada , 600 miles away from the ocean .
but i didn &apos;t .
i ate my father &apos;s head , and finally , in buffalo , new york , found a swimming school in front of the border .
and so i got my license , and i was in buffalo , new york , in the spirit of new york .
and i saw a real ocean 40 years later , when we moved to california .
since then , i &apos;ve been at the distance of about 3,000 hours , about 3,000 hours on the surface of this .
and i learned that in deep water , even in shallow areas , there &apos;s a very rich life that we can &apos;t even even imagine .
nature doesn &apos;t recognise the imagination , it &apos;s like us , in our own way , in our own way .
i &apos;m pretty surprised when i look at it today .
my love with the ocean is more than ever .
but i chose to do my career as a grownup , as a grownup .
it was the best way to tell the story , the best way to expose images .
when i was a kid , i was constantly drawing cartoons .
the movie is the process of combining stories and images . it was very important .
and the stories i prefer to talk about , of course , are the stories of science : the cyborg , the bat and the nazis .
i was in butterfly , my love of diving and diving , and i was in the spotlight .
i brought together two passions .
something interesting came out of the nazis : we had to solve a problem in the story of that film , we created a liquid in liquid , and we applied to video animation .
and as a result , the first round of the movie in cinema came out .
and even though the film didn &apos;t earn money , i made it hard to do even with a tremendous amount of money : audiences were fascinated in this magic .
you know , you know , arthur clarke &apos;s law can be avoided from magic .
they saw something magical .
and that was very exciting .
i thought , &quot; wow ! here &apos;s something that should be really supposed to be a movie art . &quot;
so , the next movie , which is the next movie , we &apos;ve been able to make more stage .
and by working with the mycelium , we created the liquid metal rod in the movie , and our success was linked to the balance that the effects would not work .
and it worked . we made magic . we got the same results from the audience , but we got a little more money this time .
so , to draw these two experiences into a line , for film artists , for the new world , the new world is going to be a new world .
i started a company with stan winston , close friend stan winston , at the time , and the creature designer , the company &apos;s name of digital domain .
the concept of the company is that the analog process that has been made in the past is going to run through the frog , and we will go into the digital production .
and we actually did this , and that gave us a good advantage in competition .
but we &apos;ve been in the middle of the &apos; 90s , we &apos;ve been able to find ourselves with the design of character and creature design , actually in our way to form a company .
i wrote this , i wrote this fantasy , and my goal was to go beyond visual effects , and i would be able to connect to the characters that were created in the context of the kind of visual visualization that was created in the context of the world . the world was going to be in the realm of the world .
but the envelope was back . they said , &quot; well , it &apos;s not possible to do something like that . &quot;
i put it on my shelves and i made the other film on a big ship .
you know , i went to the studio , and i was like , &quot; romeo and juliet , &quot; i &apos;m going to sell movies like &quot; romeo and juliet . &quot;
what i wanted to hide was the opportunity to dive the real cave of the titanic .
so i actually did this film .
this is true ! the studio didn &apos;t know it .
i &apos;ve convinced them . i said , &quot; we &apos;re going to go to the cave and we &apos;re going to take a movie . &quot;
and we &apos;re going to use this at the opening of the film .
this is really important . it &apos;s going to be a fantastic marketing fish . &quot;
so i persuaded them to fund their journey .
it &apos;s crazy . but it &apos;s really something about creating reality .
because , after six months , i found myself looking at the view of a russian submarine , looking at the idea of a russian submarine , looking at the real titanic .
it wasn &apos;t the movie , it wasn &apos;t the stereo .
and that &apos;s what i was doing .
we had to do a lot of preparation , we set up cameras , we set up the lights and the same things .
but that &apos;s how these dives , these deep dives , to go into space .
you know , the high-tech was used , and the incredible planning had to be done .
you go to the tube , and you don &apos;t even have your chance to save yourself if you &apos;re not going to be able to get out of the darkness .
i thought , &quot; wow , i &apos;m living in a fiction fiction film . &quot;
it was really cool .
the idea of deep ocean exploration was like a bug .
of course , there &apos;s the scientific aspect of the phenomenon and the scientific aspect of the event , so it was all , it was curiosity . it was dreaming .
and hollywood was an experiment that i couldn &apos;t believe .
so , i &apos;m a creature , and then we can go and create the vir visual effects for him , but i couldn &apos;t imagine what i saw here .
and when we were in the lab , i saw the creatures that had the hydrothermal mouth , and sometimes i saw the things that i never saw , and sometimes i saw the things that nobody had seen as , as we saw , as well as the science .
so i was completely shot , and i would do more .
and i can tell you that i &apos;m a curious choice .
after the success of the titanic , &quot; all right , i &apos;m going to put my work in hollywood movies a little bit , and i &apos;ll work as a full-time explorer . &quot;
and then we started planning these expeditions .
we went to the pentagon to explore the robot with robotic tools .
we went back to the wreckage of the titanic .
we created small robots that surround fiber optics .
our goal was to go into the ship and study the ship , which was never done before .
nobody was in the rubble . because they didn &apos;t have the tools that could do it , we went to create this technology .
and , you know , now , here &apos;s the ice shelf of the titanic , sitting at a submersible , and i &apos;m looking at the bars where the orchestra plays .
and i &apos;m flying through a small robot machine , looking at the walls .
i call it control , but my mind is already inside the machine .
so , physically , i feel like i &apos;m in the titanic .
and that &apos;s what i &apos;ve been talking about now , the most inconvenient thing that i &apos;ve been living on , because i &apos;m going to see what &apos;s going on there before i go from the corner to the corner , because i &apos;m going to see what &apos;s going on for months , because i &apos;m doing the movie for months .
and the sequence was set up in the form of the ship .
so it was absolutely extraordinary .
and this is what we &apos;ve created with these robotic creatures that have these robotic creatures , and the way your consciousness has been transferred to these tools has enabled us to understand that we can live .
that was really a really profound experience .
and it also became a science fiction fan , and after several years , we had a little light on the cyborg bodies , or many of the dreams that i could relate to in the future of human future .
and after doing these trips , i really started to understand what was happening down there , and for example , deep ocean sharks , such as deep ocean sharks , i saw the amazing , admired animals .
they live in the atmosphere of photosynthesis .
they don &apos;t survive in the system of sun , like us .
and you see animals living in the depths of a 500 degree of water .
you think there are no possibilities to exist .
i also began to get interested in space science , and of course , the impact of science , my child , or .
and i was sleeping with the people from the space community , and i was sleeping with the nasa consulting board to sit in the nasa consulting board , to be able to go to russia and to do all the similar things , and to do all the same things , and then to make the international space station and do all the same things .
and it was fascinating .
but what i want to do is to put this space scientists into deep , with us .
i &apos;m going to put them down , which are the biologists who are interested in these extreme environments , and they &apos;re looking at the bottom of the planet , and they &apos;re going to take samples , and they &apos;re all kinds of things .
and that &apos;s where we started doing the research , but we actually did science , and we were actually doing space science .
so i completely closed the ring , and you know , when i was a scientist , i was a kid , and i was a kid , and i was really doing these things .
i learned a lot about this journey of discovery .
i learned a lot about science , but i learned to be the most leader .
you think you should be the leader , like the captain of the ship , like this .
and before these journeys i realized that i really didn &apos;t really learn to be leader .
i was stuck in a sense , so , &quot; what is my job here ? &quot;
why do i do that ? what do i win ?
we don &apos;t get money from these movies .
we &apos;re going to head the head . there &apos;s no love .
people thought that i was going through the course of the sea and the avatar , and they thought i had to spread my lungs across the sea .
i did all these films for a very limited audience of these autobiographical movies .
fortune , victory , no money . what do you do ?
you &apos;re doing this for the project itself , to challenge , and the most challenging reader of the ocean , especially the discovery of discovery , and the kind of thing that is a small human community , is a strange connection to this kind of thing .
because we &apos;ve done all of these , and we &apos;ve worked together for years , and we &apos;ve spent six months on sea .
this is the one that &apos;s built , and i realized that the most important thing is that i feel against these people and that they are the respect for them , and you can &apos;t explain that .
when you get to the shore , you say , &quot; we had to do this , we had to make fiber optics , and it would like things like that , and that &apos;s what happened to the human performance of all of these things , like the human performance of all of this , or something that &apos;s happening against the people .
it creates a bond , a bond of respect .
so when i came back to doing my next film , which was the movie , i tried to implement the same principles of leadership , so if you respect your team , so you will gain respect for them .
and that changed the dynamic .
and again , in a country that was discovered , i was doing it with a new technology that had never been discovered before .
it was amazing excitement .
it &apos;s amazing .
and we were a family in this four and a half years .
and it completely changed how i made films .
people made comments about whether to take the ocean organisms and put them on the pandora planet .
i think it was much more than something that was based on the purpose of doing this work , and that was the result .
so what are we from all of this ?
you know , what are the lessons that are taken ?
i think there &apos;s a number of curiosity .
it &apos;s the most powerful thing you have .
imagine a power and reality .
and the respect for your team is much more important than all the celebrities on the planet .
young filmmakers come to me and say , &quot; do you give me the advice to do this ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; don &apos;t make any limit yourself .
others are going to do it for you already , don &apos;t do it yourself yourself , don &apos;t be yourself yourself , and the risk is .
nasa ! i have a word like a failure -- no failure . &quot;
but failure has to be a choice , in art and research , because this is a leap of belief .
and there is no major challenge that requires innovation .
you &apos;re going to be willing to take these risks .
so that &apos;s what i want to leave you with , which is , be a failure , a failure , but fear is not a switch . thank you .
i &apos;m going to talk about energy and climate today .
it may be a bit surprising because my full-time job is more vaccines , and the things that we need to have to give about a billion of the rest of the world &apos;s things that we need to be able to do for better lives .
but energy and climate are extremely important for these people , and that &apos;s more important for many people on this planet .
it &apos;s going to be a lot of rain or bad rain for years , or there will be a lot of rain or malnutrition . everything will change in different ways that will clearly not justify that .
that &apos;s going to cause hunger . uncertainty and unrest .
so climate change will be horrible for them .
the price of energy is very important for them .
in fact , you certainly would have used the price of something to reduce poverty .
the price of energy has gradually fallen down .
indeed , advanced civilizations are affected by the energy .
the coal revolution has triggered the industrial revolution , and we even observed a sudden drop in the price of electricity in the &apos; 80s , so we have our refrigerators , our cars and many things .
and so , in the rich world , we &apos;re great in electricity .
but when we cut electricity , let &apos;s say -- it &apos;s double -- it &apos;s a new restriction , and we &apos;re facing a whole new restriction .
the carbon planet heating the carbon planet .
if you take the spread co2 , it causes a surge of temperature , which causes a number of negative effects , and the effect on the weather , even worse , causes rapid changes to the atmosphere of the ecosystem , and the ecosystem of the ecosystem is more rapidly affected .
the exact amount of temperature that a specific co2 increase is the exact amount of temperature , but is not very precise , according to the positive returns .
they will be extremely bad , even though there are uncertainty about how bad these effects will be .
i asked most of the top scientists , and do we really have to go to the near ground ?
so , are we in the middle or in the quarter ?
and the answer is , we &apos;re going to continue to increase temperature until we &apos;re approaching zero .
that &apos;s a big problem .
this is a five-meter bridge , and let &apos;s go through the bottom of a tunnel , and let &apos;s get out of the bottom , and we &apos;re going to get out of the bottom .
this is something that needs to go close .
we emit more than 26 billion tons of co2 dioxide each year .
this is about 20 tons of poor people for each of these americans , less than 1 tonnes .
the average for everybody on the planet is 40 tons .
and somehow , we have to make a change that will put it down to zero .
the amount of diffusion was constantly multiplied .
we just have to have a variety of economic changes , so we need to go down to zero from zero increments to zero .
the four components of this equation have four components of this equation , a little bit of inertia now , where you want to reduce the number of people that you want to get down to zero , the average energy that every single person uses in the average energy needs and every single energy unit .
now let &apos;s just look at the one , and look at what we &apos;re moving to zero .
probably , one of these numbers will have to close to zero .
this is from a high school algebra , but look at it .
first , there &apos;s population .
there are 14,000 billion people in the world today .
and there &apos;s nine billion of this .
if we &apos;re very good at vaccines , and health care and health care care and reproduction , we can actually reduce it by about 40 percent , but we see a 1.3 percent increase here .
the second ingredient is the services we use .
this is the services that we eat , the meals we eat , our clothing we eat , tv , heating .
these are very beautiful things , and it means to cover poverty , all these services in the world immediately .
it &apos;s also a great environment to increase this component .
one billion people in the rich world can maybe make restrictions , and less use , the average of this number is going to increase every year , so it &apos;s going to increase by a human being .
there &apos;s a very basic service here . do you have your lights to read your homework ?
they don &apos;t really have these kids . so they go out and read the school fees under street lights .
we came to the good news at the end of the energy , the energy that we spent for each other .
we have an increasing ingredient .
there are many services , various kinds of inventions , and new lighting methods , and there are many services that you can actually reduce the power of the services and the service of building .
some individual services even reduce 90 percent .
and we also have a very , very narrow way of development , which is , of course , in terms of air transport .
in general , if we &apos;re optimistic , maybe we can have three times more .
but now , for the first three components , we went down to about 13 billion to 13 billion , and it &apos;s not enough .
so if we look at this fourth component , this is a key role , which is the amount of co2 that spreads from every energy component .
so the question is : can you actually get to zero ?
if you burn coal , no .
if you burn natural gas , no .
today , almost all of the ways of producing electricity are almost all developing renewable , but besides co2 .
so that &apos;s why we need to create a new system that we need to do globally .
we need the energy of energy .
i don &apos;t mean that i don &apos;t use the word miracle , it doesn &apos;t mean it &apos;s impossible .
the processor is a miracle . it &apos;s a personal miracle .
the internet and services are always miracles .
people contributed to the creation of many innovations .
if you have to do a miracle in a certain history , there &apos;s no recent deadline .
it &apos;s usually just pending , and some of the miracles come in .
this is the case that the full gas is necessary , and we should do the miracle in a very tight time .
now i thought , how should i say that ?
do you have a kind of a cartoon kind of a cartoon in order to take the imagination of people here ?
i brought me to the mosquitoes a year ago , and this was somehow what people would like .
so , the bitterness ... i brought people to the idea of the existence of people living with mosquitos .
that &apos;s what i can do with energy .
so i decided that i was going to make it my contribution to the environment that i had this year .
so here we have some natural creatures .
they &apos;re told that they don &apos;t even leave the jar , and they &apos;re probably not going to stop the jar .
the laughter ... there &apos;s lots of fraudulent solutions like this , but they don &apos;t really do anything .
and i see that there &apos;s a tremendous amount of resources and a tremendous amount of credibility and a lot of other ways that we &apos;ve been researching and how many people research .
i didn &apos;t add the wave , the geothermal fusion and the biofuels .
they may have some contributions , if they &apos;re better than i expected , but the key point here is that the main point is that we need to work on the side of the coffee , and it looks scary , because it has its own challenges .
let &apos;s look at fossil fuels like coal or gas , and look at it .
what you have to do here is , it seems easy , but not to take all co2 , and to make a liquid fluid under the pressure and to make it go there and make it stay there .
it &apos;s been achieved at about a quarter of success in this method , but it &apos;s not easy to reach 100 percent , but also if you think about where you &apos;re going to put all co2 , but the biggest problem here is to do this .
who is sure ?
who can actually give a billion times the size of something that &apos;s literally a billion times the size of a nuclear or a different type of plant ?
this is a huge amount of money .
so that &apos;s so tough .
it will be the next nuclear .
but it has three big problems . the cost is going to be high , especially in countries that are very , very high , and the security issue , even though you have a lot of people , is not sure that the fuel is not used for the weapons .
so what do you do with the waste ?
although the waste is not large , concerns are too much .
people need to feel about it .
there &apos;s a lot of work that &apos;s going to be studied because there &apos;s three very difficult problems .
and i came up with the last three of these guys .
these are more renewable sources .
they have some drawbacks , but they have some drawbacks .
for example , the intensity of energy generated by these technologies is less than a power reactor .
this is the energy agriculture , which means that it takes thousands of times more square meters than it requires a normal energy plant .
and they &apos;re also cut sources .
the sun doesn &apos;t cover all the day , even every day , and it doesn &apos;t seem like it all day . wind doesn &apos;t always go .
so if you add to these resources , you have to find a way to get energy in the stages they don &apos;t exist .
so , there are challenges for costs . we have a lot of problems , for example , that we don &apos;t have the right to go out of the drc .
and finally , the storage problem .
and so i &apos;ve been able to go and see all the batteries that i &apos;ve been doing so far , and i &apos;ve been able to use all the batteries that we &apos;ve been doing , and i compare them to all the electric energy that we &apos;re doing , and i &apos;ve seen all the electric energy that we &apos;re doing now , and i &apos;ve seen all the electric power that we &apos;re doing now than 10 minutes .
we need a big deal here , and we have 100 times better than our current approach .
it &apos;s not impossible , but it &apos;s not easy .
when you want to be more than 30 percent of the time you use it , it comes from the source .
if you &apos;re 100 percent you &apos;re 100 percent , then you need a miracle of steel .
now we &apos;re going to go with this : what is the right approach ?
is this a manhattan project going to move us forward ?
we need the company to work on this .
this is a -- we need hundreds of people in each of the ways .
most of you look at these crazy people . this is good .
and i think , you know , here we have a lot of people who are already doing this in the ted group .
so , a lot of bill gross &apos;s company , for example , has a solar thermal technology .
barrot sachs is investing in companies that do great things and have interesting possibilities , and i will support it .
nathan myhrvold and i , maybe it &apos;s going to be surprising , but we support a company that chooses the nuclear approach .
there are some projects in nuclear , modular and fluid .
so , for a long time , innovation has stopped , so it &apos;s not surprising to have some beautiful ideas around us .
for example , the exploratorium was the idea : we decided to burn the property , which is not 90 percent of the uranium , but the 99 percent of the shares .
this is actually a crazy idea .
in fact , people talked about this for a long time , but they can &apos;t work properly to see if they work , but now we can do this simulation because of the development of the developed material , and we see that we can do the right material .
it has been a major development for the costs , since you burn 40 % .
you can actually take waste in this way , you can think of all the waste of the reactors today .
so look at this , rather than worry about this . this is great .
it absorbs the uranium when it goes , it &apos;s like a candle .
so here you can see a log that is called the wave reactor that &apos;s going on here .
in terms of fuel , the problem is solved .
here &apos;s a picture of a place in kentucky .
so , that &apos;s 40 percent now , and then they &apos;ve got a little bit of compressed uranium .
the united states could be given hundreds of years of energy .
and you can only get the water from a very cheap process , and you can have enough fuel for the rest of the planet .
you know , there &apos;s a lot of obstacles in front of this , but it &apos;s only one of the hundreds of ideas that we need to move forward .
so let &apos;s think how to measure ourselves .
what are our books like ?
so let &apos;s take a look at the point that we really need to be .
for 2050 , you &apos;ve heard many people talking about that 80 percent reduction .
it &apos;s really important that we &apos;re reaching this point .
it &apos;s used for 20 percent poor countries , and it &apos;s still the agriculture case , and i hope we have a very good forest .
countries such as china , including the china to reach 80 % , must always change electricity production .
another stage , we &apos;re going to implement this zero 2 radiation technology , and we &apos;ve passed all of the developed countries ? did we have to apply in all developed countries ?
that &apos;s extremely important .
that &apos;s the key to building that cup .
so what &apos;s the equivalent of the year in 2020 ?
again , there must be 27 .
we have to review the efficiency measures to achieve the decline , and how little we do , the sum of co2 is so low , so the temperature is less .
but sometimes the things that do not make a lot of the big decline in this phase come to the other , or a little bit more important , or a little bit more limited , which is a part of all these steps .
we need to be able to take full gas in these steps , and we need to be able to measure the companies , pilot projects and legal regulations .
there are lots of wonderful books written about this .
for example , al gore &apos;s book &quot; our choice &quot; and david mckay &apos;s book &quot; without warm air without warm air &quot; .
these books are looking at the issue and creating a draft , and it &apos;s a very broad framework , because we need a solid foundation .
there &apos;s a lot to come together .
so this is a wish .
we &apos;ve invented this technology , a very concrete wish .
if i could choose who would be a wish for me for the next 50 years , i would choose who would be president , and i would like to have a vaccine , which i would like to say , &quot; you and your half costs , &quot; and i would have chosen this wish .
this is the wish .
if the distinction between the people who think of this wish is going to be horrible , and the difference between the people who think about the long period and a long period of time , between the rich countries and the rich countries and the rich countries that i am talking about .
so what do we have to do ?
what is the thing i &apos;m used to you to take a step forward ?
we need to create more funds for research .
in places like copenhagen , countries are not only in the debate .
you would be surprised if you heard about the low budget spent on innovation approaches .
we need an incentive in the market . co2 tax , ceiling and commerce , we need something that will signal the price for prices .
we have to put the message out .
we have to make this dialogue more rational , we need to take the steps that the state has taken .
this is an important wish , but it &apos;s a wish that i think we can achieve .
thank you .
... thank you ...
thank you . thank you .
so , thank you . now i &apos;ve become a bit more aware of the cassini . i mean , what kind of investment would i mean ?
you have to do the best scientists to do software in real terms , to make sure that we do this , and we have tested a russian reactor in order to make sure that we &apos;re going to be able to get out of the millions of millions of people .
to build a difficult reactor , to find billions of the reactors , find the vacuum , find the place , we can build the first reactor .
when you build the first , if it works like it , then it &apos;s obvious that it &apos;s obvious , because the economy , energy intensity , is very different from the way we know it .
so , in order to understand that , it doesn &apos;t mean that , right ?
it &apos;s true . today , you &apos;ve been doing the reactor again , so there &apos;s a lot of people and control that can cause the problem , and that &apos;s not good , and that &apos;s not good .
so if you have a cheap fuel that you can get in 60 years of the reactor , think of it as a block , and it &apos;s all over the world .
that block will stop there , and after 60 years , it ends up .
this is a nuclear power plant that makes a solution for waste destruction .
yeah . so you can leave what happens to the fire , which is a lot less waste , and then you can put it in the inside , and then you put it in somebody else .
in fact , we &apos;re taking this kind of waste that &apos;s going on today , and that &apos;s what happens in the dry pools of the reactors or the dry water of reactors .
and the problem with those factors is that they &apos;re trying to feed their labor , and through this process , you reduce the amount of waste .
you talk about these probabilities around the world .
what is the most interest in doing something ?
and in fact , there &apos;s a certain kind of thing that &apos;s really interesting about any kind of thing called nuclear , which is why we &apos;re seeing a lot of interest in the company , and in the company , in the company , we &apos;ve been able to talk to the energy minister , the energy minister , and i told him that all of this is how energy can produce energy .
so i &apos;m optimistic . you know the french and the japanese also did some studies .
it &apos;s a variable variable .
this is an important breakthrough , but this is a rapid reactor , and so many countries have built a very quick reactor , and the first one is to build the first one .
what is the time and the possibility of implementing something like this ?
we need a very large-scale , electronic manufacturing thing , a very cheap 20 year-old invention and the time for 20 years to implement it .
it &apos;s kind of like a target of environmental models that put it in front of us .
and you know , if everything goes right , it &apos;s a lot of luck , the exploratorium can do it .
now , there are dozens of companies that have a lot of companies , and they need to be hundreds of companies , and if they &apos;re going to work well , they can compete for the pilot .
if most of them succeed , this is the best , because you can use their mix .
we need someone to succeed .
is it the biggest one that you know , given the possible change of game changes ?
a energy conversion is the most important thing .
it would be most important if environmental constraints weren &apos;t , but environmental constraints make it much larger .
there are other innovators in the nuclear field .
we don &apos;t know their job as well as we know , but the modular people , this is a different approach .
this is a liquid type of reactor , and it looks a little bit challenging , but maybe it &apos;s like us .
and there are different ones , but , well , a uranium molecule is a coal molecule , which is a coal molecule , which is in a classroom , so it can be seen in a classroom , in terms of radiation , and the impact on the soil , the soil and the different things .
if that doesn &apos;t work , then what &apos;s going to happen ?
do we need to start taking emergency situations to keep the temperature of the world stable ?
if you go to that situation , it &apos;s like having a lot of food , and it &apos;s like having a heart attack , so where do you go ? you can have heart surgery .
they &apos;re working on a different range of techniques that can bring us to us for 30 years , if we don &apos;t delay the warming that could take us 30 years .
this is just a insurance insurance .
i hope we don &apos;t have to do that .
some people , even if you have to work on insurance insurance , say , you can keep eating you , you keep eating your heart surgery .
i don &apos;t think it &apos;s very wise , but i don &apos;t think it &apos;s very wise now , but it &apos;s going on , if the events are fast , if the events are fast , should it be slower ?
how would you convince the skeptics that they were wrong if they had a sentence ?
unfortunately , skeptics come from different directions .
there are very little scientific arguments .
do they say that the clouds have a negative feedback effects ?
there are so little things that they can say , and each one has only a million possibilities .
here &apos;s our main goal .
you do the mistake now , but you pay it very soon .
now , when you have all these immediate problems , it &apos;s already a loss of pain , it &apos;s an ambiguous pain , in fact , the ipcc reports , and in the rich world , the ipcc is looking at this .
the truth is that it &apos;s going to take us on the side of that particular part of it .
but my dream is , if you don &apos;t think about it , if you don &apos;t have the economic impact and the co2 , then i don &apos;t think i &apos;m going to say , &quot; well , i don &apos;t think that &apos;s cheaper than that , but i don &apos;t think it &apos;s cheaper than that .
and so , when you ask bjorn , that &apos;s the argument of bjorn netra , which is , basically , if you &apos;re trying to solve the problem of all of this energy , there &apos;s a lot of the world &apos;s resources that we can afford to save from poverty to malaria .
the real spending for the darpa is that the united states spends 10 billion dollars more than the year now . it &apos;s not dramatic .
he doesn &apos;t need to be playing other things .
if you have a lot of money , and you &apos;re trying to find funds , and you &apos;re trying to find funds , people may not agree that it &apos;s the same .
if you &apos;re not very close , and you don &apos;t do the learning curve , and i think it &apos;s not very cheap , we need to try more and more expensive .
so , to get into this work , the commercial balance point , let &apos;s make energy super expensive , that &apos;s the power of the rich .
i say that we all can spend 40 times as much money for our energy .
the disaster is about 2 billion people .
even buskerfest changed .
now , the old lady , why don &apos;t you think about it ?
because of his previous work , he realized that he was still connected with his fellow , but he realized that his friends had a little bit of a little bit of a miner .
there &apos;s a strand that we think is going on .
the darpa , too little fund , is so crazy .
bill , i think i &apos;m talking about most of the people here , i really hope that my wish is going to happen . thank you very much .
thank you .
a few years ago , here at ted , there was a design problem called the &quot; peter lang muffin problem . &quot;
the idea is very simple . the four groups -- the four pieces of spaghetti , one meter of tape and a cheese -- will build the highest gear that can stand at the highest .
the pie should be at the top .
it &apos;s very simple , but it &apos;s really hard , because it makes people very quick cooperative .
so i thought that was an interesting idea , and i took it into a design workshop .
it made tremendous success .
so , since then , all the world students , designers , architects , even about 50 design workshops , we &apos;ve had some kind of deep lessons about the nature of this collaboration , and i want to share with you a lot about the nature of this collaboration .
normally , most people start putting themselves in office .
they talk about it , they can figure out how to look at it , they &apos;re trying to get power in the group .
and then they spend a bit of time for planning , they spend a little bit of time , and they stick the spaghetti into the back .
they spend most of their time , bringing them together with their growing structures .
and then , at the end , when you &apos;re not going to go down the time , someone pulls a spoon and then puts a big eye , and then they put it back , and then they go back .
but what happens in a lot of time is that &apos; &apos; jesus &apos; turn into &apos; jesus &apos; , because the weight of the bottle would lead to the destruction of the entire structure .
so there is a group of people who live more than the other , and the most evil is business school .
they lie , cheat , cheat , pull attention , and they produce really no really disabled structures .
and of course there are the teams that have more &apos; structures &apos; , and among the best , there are new graduates from kindergarten .
and that &apos;s pretty surprising .
as peter said , they don &apos;t just do the highest structures , they build interesting structures .
so the question that you want to ask is : how does it happen ? why ?
and what peter wants to say is , &quot; none of the kids are spaghetti shops . &quot; right ?
they don &apos;t cheat to win power .
but there &apos;s another reason .
and why is this -- business students trained to find a single plan , right ?
and then they follow that .
and then what happens is , when you put it in the top , it doesn &apos;t have time , and then what happens ?
a crisis .
did it sound familiar ? right .
and when the kindergarten students are doing different , they start starting to start , and they start building prototypes , they &apos;re always the ones that follow each other , and they have a lot of time to correct the bad ones .
so designers accepted this kind of collaboration as the core of the process .
and every version , the children were able to get feedback on what they worked and what was not working .
so the capacity to play a prototype is really necessary , but let &apos;s look at how different teams play .
for most people , the average value is about 20 inches , and half of them , half of them , the lawyers , the lawyers , a little better , but not a lot better than that .
who are the best ones ?
architects and engineers , thank goodness .
it &apos;s the longest structure i &apos;ve ever seen .
and why is this ? because they understand the triangles , and the models that support themselves are the keys to building fixed structures .
the ceo is a little better than average , but this is where it starts to be interesting .
if you put a manager in the team , they become meaningful .
it &apos;s incredible . you know , and he says , &quot; oh , this team will win . &quot;
you say , you &apos;ll say it before . and what is the reason ?
because they have an ability to simplify their case .
they manage the process , they understand the process .
and a team that drives the work and carefully care about work will increase its performance .
the sophisticated skills and analytical skills , and it leads to a strong success .
if you have 10 friends that play typically in a typical way , maybe you &apos;ll have your work on the floor .
and i tried something interesting .
i thought , let &apos;s get it up .
so i proposed the winning team prize for $ 10,000 .
what about these design students ?
what happened ?
here &apos;s what it is . it couldn &apos;t build a structure standing on a single team .
if any one , let &apos;s say that one inch of structure would have to get the reward home .
so , is it interesting that high stakes have strong influence ?
we did work with the same students .
so what happened ?
now , they understood the value of making the prototype .
so the same team went to be one of the worst things .
they made the highest structures in the last time .
so there are deep lessons in the nature of incentives and success .
you may think , why would anyone actually take time to write a pie experiment ?
so i &apos;m helping them create digital tools and processes to create cars , video games and visual effects .
what he does is to help identify the hidden assumptions .
because , frankly , every project has its own hair , right ?
the fight provides a common experience , a common position to build a common language , the right prototype .
and that &apos;s the value of experience , that &apos;s the value of simple learning .
they can visit the walmart address .
it &apos;s a blog that you can see how you build the bags .
there is a step here .
there are some crazy examples of how people from around the world make a fine taste .
there &apos;s also world records .
and the basic lesson , i believe , is that design is actually a sport sport sport .
it requires us to use all our senses , and we need to use the best of our minds , our emotions and our minds .
sometimes , it &apos;s something that allows us to return to the &apos; p &apos; from the &apos; aa &apos; .
and it can make a big difference .
thank you very much .
let &apos;s imagine a moment , we have a machine .
a big machine , a great machine , and let &apos;s say it &apos;s a time machine .
let &apos;s say that everyone in this room is required to enter this machine .
you can go back at the time , or you can go forward , but you can &apos;t .
i wonder what you &apos;re going to choose , because i &apos;ve asked my friends recently that this is a question that i often ask , and they want to go back .
i don &apos;t know . all of them want to go back to times when the cars , twitter or &quot; american idol &quot; contest .
i don &apos;t know .
i &apos;ve been convinced that panbanisha is a correct trend .
i understand this .
but i should say i &apos;m not a majority .
i don &apos;t want to go back ; i &apos;m not adventurous .
because of the possibilities on this planet , they don &apos;t go back , they go back .
so i want to go to that machine and go forward .
how far the best we &apos;ve ever achieved on this planet to date : health , money , mobility , opportunities , reduced disease rates .
it never happened .
all the big grandmother and my grandparents , they died from 60 to 60 .
my grandmother and his aunt took this figure to 40 .
my parents are in the &apos; 80s .
i think it would be good for me to die at the beginning of the age of nine .
but not just like us , but it &apos;s much more important than that .
today , a child born in new delhi is expected to live as much as 100 years ago .
think about it . it &apos;s incredible .
why is that ?
smallpox . smallpox killed billions of people on this planet .
it changed the demographic of the planet as much as it did .
but no longer . it disappeared .
we &apos;ve disappeared it . mix !
in the rich world , the diseases that threaten millions of people have been wiped out of almost extinct .
antibiotics , pneumonia , polio ...
do you know what these are ?
vaccines , modern medicine , billions of people , are the triumph of the scientific method .
to me , the scientific method , to try things , to see things , is one of the most beautiful successes of humanity .
that was the good news .
unfortunately , the only good news is that , because there are other problems , and they &apos;ve been very many times .
one of these is , despite all our successes , a billion people in this world are hungry every day .
this number is increasing , and it &apos;s growing at a very embarrassing pace .
not just that , we used our imagination to convert our imagination into this world .
we &apos;re going to be able to get rid of water , forests , rainforests , oil spills , they &apos;re disappearing very quickly , and we &apos;re not going to be able to do something quick .
here &apos;s the question : can we do this ? i think we can .
it &apos;s a real fact that we can use billions of people to land their land in their pockets .
it &apos;s possible that we can use the world without destroying it .
i really believe that , no , that &apos;s my dream .
but there &apos;s something that doesn &apos;t feed me at night , so one of the things that doesn &apos;t feed at night is one of the things that we don &apos;t really need to advance .
and we don &apos;t have a better way to make science properly .
it &apos;s incredible , in many areas , we &apos;re in the midst of incredible events , but yet i think we need to look back , and i think we &apos;re going to be more powerful than the fact that we &apos;re going to be more strongly opposed to development than ever before .
people break themselves up with their beliefs , and they make them free .
it &apos;s not enough to leave them free .
look , everyone has a desire to have a own idea , and there &apos;s an idea about innovation , for innovation .
but do you know what you are right ?
you have no freedom to have your own reality . i &apos;m very sorry .
it took me a step .
ten years ago , i wrote a paper about vaccines in the new yorker magazine . it &apos;s a short article .
and i was very surprised when i met the opposition , the opposition for the most effective preventive health of human history .
i didn &apos;t know what i was going to do . i &apos;ve always done it , i wrote it , and i wrote my life .
shortly after that , i wrote a paper about genetically modified products .
the same thing happened , but it &apos;s even stronger .
people went mad .
so i wrote a story about this , and i didn &apos;t understand why people saw these nutrients as &quot; frankenstein foods , &quot; but it &apos;s not a special order , but what is it that we have to do in a special order ?
but you know , this is my job , and i &apos;ll continue to live .
i mean , i &apos;m a journalist .
it &apos;s written by writing , and we &apos;re going to eat , and it &apos;s all . it &apos;s all .
but these things disturbing me , i didn &apos;t understand why , but then i understood .
because those fanatics who made me out of the game were not really the fanatics .
they were the thoughtful , educated , decent people .
they were like people in this room .
and that really disturbed me .
but then i thought , you know , let &apos;s be honest .
in the world , we &apos;re at a point where we &apos;re in the relationship with &quot; progress . &quot;
we &apos;re talking a little bit about it .
and when we talk about it , we get a mockingbird in a mockingbird , &quot; progress . &quot;
okay , we have some reasons for this , and i think we know these reasons .
we &apos;ve lost trust in institutional structures , our trust in authority , even our trust against science sometimes , there &apos;s no reason for that to happen .
it &apos;s enough to make a few names , people will know .
chernobyl , chad , vaccination , ding , mass destruction weapons , fraudulent ballot boxes .
so , you know , the list is long .
the question of the people who are always right and right is the questions about people that we think are right , and then be skeptical .
ask questions , you want evidence .
don &apos;t accept anything like that .
but the thing is : if you see evidence , you have to admit these evidence , and we &apos;re not very good at doing it .
and the reason why i &apos;m not saying is that we &apos;re facing a pandemic that we &apos;ve never seen before , even though we &apos;ve never seen any more .
it &apos;s been published about 12 years ago , it &apos;s a terrible article , a paper that connects the epidemic of autism , pneumonia , pneumonia , malaria .
it &apos;s very scary .
there were tons of work to understand whether this was true .
it should be a ton of work , and it &apos;s a very serious event .
the data came .
there was data from the united states from the united states , from sweden , from sweden , to canada , all the same , and there &apos;s no relationship , no connection , no connection .
but it doesn &apos;t matter , it doesn &apos;t matter , because we believe in individual events , we believe what we &apos;re seeing , what we &apos;re seeing , what we &apos;re seeing .
we don &apos;t believe the pages that include data from a state official , and i can understand that , i think we all understand .
but you know what ?
the consequences of this were disastrous .
it &apos;s a disaster . here &apos;s a data : the united states of the united states is the only country in the world that has increased the rate of malaria .
that &apos;s embarrassing , and we need to get rid of ourselves .
this is horrible .
how did that happen ?
now i can understand . i really understand .
do anybody have any gut here ?
did anybody ever hear somebody who was dying in the room ?
it doesn &apos;t happen .
it &apos;s not happening in this country , but it &apos;s happened for 200,000 times last year .
there are a lot of deaths connected to tamiflu , 20 people .
but what we &apos;re not here is , we can put this in the heads of our mind , and people like jenny mccarthy live , like jenny mccarthy live , and they can give stories about fear and fear .
they can do that because why don &apos;t they have the correlation of the correlation ?
it &apos;s not the same thing that these two things look like , but they don &apos;t have the same two concepts . they &apos;re not the same .
and one of the things that we need to learn is one moment , one moment .
this guy is a hero , jonas salk .
he saved us from one of the biggest nightmares of humanity .
you don &apos;t have to worry , you don &apos;t have pain , you don &apos;t have polio . you &apos;ve got sex .
the guy in the middle is not a big hero .
his name is paul bezos .
a group of people developed the antiviral vaccine .
every year , it saves the lives of 40 children in developing countries .
isn &apos;t it pretty good ?
it &apos;s pretty good , a little detail in the center , paul , and he says , &quot; how valuable is it that the vaccines are going to be done , and the people should stop doing the job ? &quot;
that &apos;s exactly what it says .
so , paul is a terrorist .
they can &apos;t be able to do it without any public speaking at any location .
they &apos;re coming home because people like to say , &quot; well , we know what kids are going to school . &quot;
so why ? he produced a vaccine .
needless to say that , but vaccines are essential things .
take them back , disease is going to come back , terrible disease , that &apos;s happening right now .
we &apos;ve got malaria in this country now .
it &apos;s getting worse , so soon the kids are going to die , and they &apos;re completely dependent on the numbers .
they &apos;re not just going to die .
what about polio ? let &apos;s start it . why not ?
a university friend wrote me a couple of weeks ago , wrote a letter to me .
he didn &apos;t say that before .
the child does not do polio vaccine . absolutely .
okay .
why ? because we don &apos;t have polio anymore . but you know , you know ?
so far , we didn &apos;t have polio in our species .
this day , i &apos;m a man , maybe a man , a guy who &apos;s going to cradle from lagos to cradle in the morning , and a couple of hours of los angeles .
it &apos;s going to go to the airport , to go to the long beach , which is going to run a car and join one of the famous ted dishes tonight .
it doesn &apos;t know that polio is the virus . we &apos;re not going to be , because we &apos;re going to do things in the world .
this is the planet that we live , don &apos;t do .
now , we love to confuse ourselves with lies , and we love it .
did everyone get food this morning ?
the memex brings you a little bit of phosphate acid .
i know you &apos;ve got you , because half of the americans do it every day .
they take these alternative medicines every morning and don &apos;t know how often they don &apos;t work .
the data says that every time .
they just take the color of your sleep . they don &apos;t have any other work .
ok , you want to pay 28 billion dollars for the dark .
i support you .
dark urine , dark .
why do we do that ? why do we do that ?
okay , i think we hate the big mill .
we hate the deep state . we don &apos;t trust people .
and we don &apos;t trust . health care is terrible .
it hurts millions of people .
it &apos;s bad enough for us to pay for money , and it gets tired .
so we get out of it , but where is it ?
it &apos;s based on the arms of the big placebo .
this is incredible . i love the big hormone .
but you know , this is a serious issue because these are the products that are made of crap , and we spend billions of dollars on them .
i brought some examples here .
i don &apos;t even know what it &apos;s like , the montage , the fascist guinea , the vlad , the opening , but we &apos;re spending billions of dollars , which is fake .
you know , when i said that , people call me , &quot; what &apos;s happening to you ? what &apos;s going on ? &quot;
how do they feel good ? &quot;
but you know ? it &apos;s not that .
because i don &apos;t see a difference between health care and the assistant secretary of the health care agency , saying , &quot; well , i &apos;m not going to take into account the opinion that my specialists are giving up on the viruses . &quot;
you can find yourself at a point where you can find yourself , if the belief and the forms , the evidence and the science start to replace .
for example , south african president thabo mbeki .
he caused the deaths of 400,000 people , because he insisted that the grape root , garlic and lemon oil are more effective than drugs that we know that aids has slowed the course of aids .
there were hundreds of thousands of meaningless deaths in a country that was most affected by this disease .
so don &apos;t tell me that the damage of these kinds of things is not the loss .
because they have the damage , they always have .
one of the most illogical outbreaks is that this is right now that we &apos;re in the middle of this , and that &apos;s the outrageous struggle between the biologists and the geneticist intellectual elites .
it &apos;s a hot argument . it &apos;s ok .
it &apos;s a discussion about words . it &apos;s about analogy .
the argument of ideology is not about science .
what we all eat is every rice leaf , every single one of brussels is already altered by human beings .
you know , there was no lucifer in the garden of eden .
he didn &apos;t have salt pastry .
there was no christmas tree . we did all .
we &apos;ve done it all over the last 1,000 years .
some of them worked , and some didn &apos;t work .
and we put them out of garbage .
now we can do this in a much more sensitive way , and of course , they have the risks . but for example , we can help millions of people by adding things like vitamin .
do you want to do that ?
i have to say that i don &apos;t understand that .
we oppose genetically modified products .
why do we do that ?
so what i often hear is : i don &apos;t want a lot of inorganic , the same product , and i don &apos;t want the same product .
we don &apos;t want firms who have a patent patent .
we don &apos;t want firms who put the seeds under the monopoly .
do you know what my response to these views ?
yeah , you &apos;re right . let &apos;s fix this .
yes , we have a very big food problem , but it &apos;s not about science .
it has nothing to do with science .
it &apos;s about these laws , it &apos;s about morality .
you know , science is not a company .
it &apos;s not a country .
it &apos;s not even an idea ; science is a process .
so it &apos;s a process that sometimes doesn &apos;t work well , but the idea of allowing science to do the job is really a very frustrating idea , and it prevents millions of people from being restored .
you know , we &apos;ve got to grow 40 percent more products in the next 50 years , we &apos;ve got to grow 50 percent .
these are investments in africa for the last 30 years .
shame is embarrassing .
they need this , and we don &apos;t give them this .
why ? genetically modified products .
we don &apos;t want to try to educate them about eating food .
for example , he &apos;s like a potato .
half a billion people eat this .
it &apos;s just calories . it &apos;s awful .
the food value is low , not protein , and scientists are now struggling to add them to florence .
so people can eat batman and protect them from denial .
they don &apos;t die , and you know ?
it would be pretty good . it &apos;s not as much as the food in gracanica mugwagwa .
i can tell you , why do we fight this ?
so , let &apos;s ask ourselves : why are we fighting this ?
because we don &apos;t want to replace the genes .
it &apos;s about replacing these genes , not about chemicals .
it &apos;s not about the incredible amount of money that &apos;s going on for hormones , but also for the bigger , single , better food .
it doesn &apos;t have to do with angela angela . it &apos;s about keeping people alive , and it &apos;s good to understand what it means .
because you know ?
and if we don &apos;t do that , we &apos;re going to be responsible for what we &apos;re going to be responsible for , and we &apos;re going to be responsible for what we &apos;re going to be responsible for .
there &apos;s no other way to tell you what &apos;s happening here .
this is selfish and very ugly . we don &apos;t care , and we should give it a last .
now , after this incredible talk , you might say , &quot; well , do you still want to go to this machine and go to the future ? &quot;
absolutely . i certainly want .
right now , we &apos;re stuck , but there are incredible opportunities .
we can turn the machine into what we want .
we can take it , and we can do it when we want it .
but we have to do this kind of talk , we need to think , but we &apos;re going to be able to go through the machine , and we &apos;re going to know that we &apos;re doing this .
i know we can do that , and what i see is what the world needs now .
thank you .
i &apos;ve been interested in the placebo effect , as i &apos;m looking at , as i &apos;m looking at , as i &apos;m looking at a person , it looks a little strange to be able to look at something that is not a real thing .
in other words , there &apos;s a measurable impact on various studies of sugar , which is the placebo effect , because the impact of the person that uses the placebo , for example , is that if you believe that the pain has a measurable effect on the body , it &apos;s called the placebo effect .
the real thing is that it becomes real because of the person &apos;s perception .
i &apos;m going to start with a fundamental and easy magic trick to understand each other .
and i &apos;m going to show you how it &apos;s done . this number has been found in the 1950s .
i learned about this in the 1970s , and i learned this from the treo .
i &apos;ll just show you for you , then i &apos;ll explain .
and then i &apos;ll explain why i &apos;m talking about why .
this is the trick .
the knife , if you want to , you can study , you can study it .
i &apos;m just going to keep the knife in my palm .
let me take a little bit of my hair back .
and i &apos;m going to leave my wrist right here to show what things don &apos;t go .
so you can see that nothing is going on . i &apos;m going to go up and down as long as i have my wrist .
the purpose of this trick is pretty simple .
i &apos;m going to open my hand , and i hope it &apos;s not a problem , it &apos;s going to stop the fall of pure wildlife .
in fact , it seems so robust there , and i can hold my hand and fall down .
there &apos;s nothing that goes down in my arm or up , there &apos;s no number . you can control everything .
oh !
this is a trick that i often teach young kids interested in magic because you can learn very important about this , as you know , a very simple trick .
most of you probably know this trick .
it &apos;s how it &apos;s done .
i keep the knife in my hand .
i say i &apos;m going to get my wrist down or down , and i &apos;m going to get my wrist up , which is a lie .
the reason i keep my wrist is the real secret of the illusion .
and when you go to the scene that you can &apos;t see from the images of you , my thumb is going to go to the position where my finger is .
good trick .
we have those who have no childhood .
that &apos;s how it starts .
and when i started spinning , my fingers changed .
we can talk about why it &apos;s crazy , or just three fingers under the hand , and the way we do it is , the way we think about it is , we have two , three , three , three .
but it &apos;s not really that , right ? and i open my hand .
it &apos;s clearly being kept up there , and i don &apos;t have a sense of wild attraction , my thumb is there .
and when i opened my fingers , the same thing , i &apos;m going back , i forgot the move to change my thumb .
i take my hand . you take the knife .
here &apos;s a trick you can show with friends and neighbors . thank you .
now , what does this do with placebo ?
a year ago i actually studied my mind from my head .
i &apos;m not a doctor or a researcher , so this research was an amazing thing for me .
according to research , if you put a white pill in the form of a white pill , it &apos;s just a round white pill , you can measure some exact effects of the chicken .
but if you change the shape of the placebo , it &apos;s a smaller pill , and it &apos;s in blue , and it &apos;s a letter , and it &apos;s actually more effective .
and two of them don &apos;t have any medications , both are sugar pills .
but white pill is not as good as blue pill .
what ? that really led me to miss my mind .
there &apos;s a lot of this stuff that &apos;s going on with this .
if you have a needle , these are more powerful than the pills .
one end is a red end of a yellow tube , which is better than a white shell .
it has the impact of the diagnosis .
two days of a pill , not as good as three pills . i don &apos;t remember statistics right now . sorry .
but that &apos;s what matters .
there &apos;s a connection with the effect of the syringe .
and there &apos;s a connection with the effect of the drug .
and when you want the placebo , you &apos;re going to be a needle .
right ? liquid liquid that doesn &apos;t interfere with the catalyst -- a couple of reactions , and you inject it into the patient ...
and it creates a very powerful imagination in these moments , even stronger than the white pill .
in fact , this chart , i &apos;m going to show you a time of time when we have our universes .
what matters is that white pill is not as good as blue , but as well as the blue capsules , the capsules are not good enough .
and in fact , none of them have a effect , and it &apos;s just the belief that you believe that you &apos;re in the body , and it &apos;s just your faith .
i wanted to see if i could take this idea and apply it .
i can take a real number and show you a real trick .
and as we learn from research , you &apos;re going into the rope .
that &apos;s seven millimeters a needle , and it &apos;s very , very sharp . i &apos;m going to make it a little sticky .
this is really my voice . it &apos;s not artificial meat .
i should say , well , hollywood doesn &apos;t have special effects .
i &apos;m going to throw my skin up and take this needle on the other side .
if you could look at the stomach -- if you were easily flying -- i was doing this for a couple of friends in the hotel lobby yesterday , and a couple of people and a couple of women and a few people who i didn &apos;t know .
so , if you can use it easily , you want to look at another side for 30 seconds , and actually , i &apos;m going to do the bad part of it .
you &apos;ll see , you can look at the other side .
so i &apos;m doing this , first of all , from the bottom of my arm .
excuse me . do i scare you ?
and then i grew up in a little bit of my skin , and i just put it on the other side .
it &apos;s actually the same position as the knife trick .
it &apos;s kind of .
but you don &apos;t get my fingers right now , right ?
so i &apos;ll show you my fingers . one , two , three , four , five .
yeah .
i know what people think about it .
&quot; it &apos;s not just as dumb as it can kill us for a few minutes . &quot;
so let me show you a little bit .
how does it look ? it &apos;s pretty good .
she , i know .
the background is , &quot; okay . but i don &apos;t really see it . &quot;
they start moving from the back to the walls .
let me show you closely .
it &apos;s really me . it &apos;s certainly not hollywood .
that &apos;s my call and i can rotate it .
excuse me . if you &apos;re uncomfortable , look at the other direction , look here .
those who are going to watch this in the back or years after the video , they &apos;re going to see , &quot; well , it seems like a good act , it &apos;s a nice regulated effects , it &apos;s true .
so , let &apos;s get a little wing for you .
yeah , blood .
normally i took the needle .
i cleaned my arm , and i showed you that there was no scars .
but if we think about making something real and real , i &apos;ll leave the needle there and leave the stage .
i &apos;m going to see you in the coming days .
i hope you &apos;re looking forward to this . thank you very much .
it &apos;s all about happiness these days .
i asked one of them , and in the last five years , i asked the word &quot; happiness . &quot;
among researchers , there are a lot of happiness for happiness .
everybody struggles to make people happier .
but despite this labour population , there are some cognitive handbags that stop thinking right about happiness .
my talk today is mostly about this cognitive trap .
this is also affecting the academics who are working on their own happiness , as well as ordinary people who are working on happiness , because we can be as complex as everyone else .
the first of these sticks is hesitant to admit complexity .
it turns out happiness is not a useful word , because we use it for many different things .
i think we need to measure this word in a single way , but that &apos;s what we need to do now , and we need to develop a more complex view of what we need to feel .
the second trap is the complexity between experience and memories : this is simply the happiness of happiness or happiness in your life .
and these two are very different concepts , both shared with happiness .
the last one is that it &apos;s focused on a sensation , but unfortunately , it &apos;s not possible to think of any of the conditions that affect itself .
i mean , this is a real cognitive trap .
there &apos;s no way to find the truth .
now , i &apos;d like to start with an example , and one of the questions that i &apos;ve been doing is a story , and one of the things that i &apos;ve been doing is a story of a story , and the story is that , at the same time , it &apos;s a symphony orchestra , and the music is exactly the same as the recording .
and in a very emotional way , it said that this sound sucks all the experience .
but it didn &apos;t really happen .
what &apos;s terrible is that the memories of this experience were .
he actually had experience .
for 20 minutes , he heard a great music .
but it doesn &apos;t matter , because it &apos;s only a coin ; it &apos;s the only thing that it &apos;s left , and it &apos;s the only thing that it &apos;s going to be horrible .
this is actually telling us , when we think about ourselves and others , we can talk about two selves .
one is the experience self , the same time in the present , and the same time that knows that time , but in fact it &apos;s only the present moment .
if you ask you to say , &quot; do you feel like you &apos;re going to touch here ? &quot;
you also have your shared self , your personal self , your personal self , your life , and your doctor &apos;s telling you , &quot; how do you feel the last time ? &quot; or &quot; how do you travel to albania recently ? &quot;
that &apos;s what you &apos;re asking .
the self of self is a very different two separate concepts , and the reason that the notion of happiness is shared in two separate concepts , and the notion of happiness .
now , the self is a storyteller .
and it starts with the reactions that come to our memories -- suddenly beginning .
we &apos;re not just telling stories about the story .
our memories tell us stories , the stories that we have from our experience .
let me start with an example .
this is an old study .
these are the real patients that are taken into a painful procedure .
i &apos;m not going to go into the details , but it &apos;s not as painful as the last time , but it was a painful procedure in the 1990s .
they were asked to report every 60 seconds of pain in every 60 seconds .
this is two patients . these are the records of patients .
i &apos;m asking you , &quot; what patient is more suffering ? &quot;
this is a very simple question .
clearly , patient b has suffered a lot of pain . it &apos;s a long time long , and the patient is a patient b , and the patient is more suffering , even longer .
now another question : &quot; what are the patients thinking more painful ? &quot;
and that &apos;s what &apos;s surprising .
the memory of patient a patient is much worse than in the memory of the patient b .
the stories of these implants are different and how the story of the story is .
both of these stories are inspiring , but one of them isn &apos;t .
one of them is that they are very bad at the other .
and the bad thing is , it &apos;s the most recent moment that the most pain is being felt . it &apos;s a bad story .
how do we know this ?
because we asked this to these people , and then we asked them , &quot; how bad was the pain ? &quot;
for a reason , it was much worse than b .
so this is the contradiction between the self that you see with the self self .
the experience self had a lot of experience in terms of self .
now , you can actually do a patient , and we &apos;ve done some clinical experiments that are actually about this , and it &apos;s certainly working on a patient , and it &apos;s really going to cut a whole lot of people in the tube , and that &apos;s a little bit like a tube .
it &apos;s going to save some of this patient , but very few and less than a few times .
if you go on to this for a minute , the patient &apos;s ability to experience a worse , better , but it &apos;s a better story for the experience of the experience of a patient in a patient .
what determines a story ?
this is also true for the story that we &apos;re using as much as the stories that our memory offers us .
the things that determine a story are the things that are important , important moments and the end of the story .
the late end is very , very important , and in this case , the last story has been dominant .
now , experience keeps self alive .
there are moments of experience .
now you &apos;ll ask : what happens to these moments ?
the answer is clear . they destroy forever .
so , most of our life -- i calculated this -- i calculated this -- you know , you know , you &apos;re going to be three seconds long , and it &apos;s three seconds long , and it &apos;s about 600 million in a lifetime .
it &apos;s totally ignored by self .
but again , you think , you know , they have to take care of it , because they &apos;re in these moments of experience .
this is the limited resource we spend during the time we spend in our world .
but what we &apos;re going to spend about this is that it &apos;s very relevant to us , but it &apos;s not what we have forgotten about .
so our conscious self and experience are very different .
the biggest difference is how they manage .
the experience of the experience of self is good for the first week , when you get out of the holidays , so it &apos;s better than two weeks of vacation vacation .
that &apos;s how it works .
for the conscious self , a two-week vacation rarely better than a week holidays , because in this case it doesn &apos;t seem much more .
there &apos;s no change in the story .
so , in this way , the most critical variable self that is separating the self that has actually forgotten the self is the critical factor .
now , the self that &apos;s forgotten does something else and tell stories .
this is what takes the decisions , because if you have two separate doctors , you have a doctor who has two separate clinics , and the doctor who is selected to decide which doctor will choose is less bad .
the experience of memory has no rights in this election .
in fact , we don &apos;t choose a choice between experience and memories . we make a choice between experiences .
even if we think about the future , we don &apos;t think of our future as experiences .
we think of our future as memories .
you can just look at this , you know , you know , the self that remembers the self , you know , you can think of your self as a genius , you can actually see the experience that you can &apos;t really need to experience with your experience .
i think that &apos;s what often happens when we get on holiday , and that &apos;s what we &apos;re in the command of our self .
i think it &apos;s hard to justify it .
so , how much of our memories do we consume ?
this is one example of the sovereignty of self .
when i think about this , i think about a holiday that i &apos;ve spent a few years in antarctica , definitely the most beautiful that i &apos;ve ever spent , and i think more about this holiday than that vacation .
i think i &apos;ve spent about 25 minutes in the last four weeks , and i spent 25 minutes in time .
if i can take the case that i &apos;ve collected 600 pictures , i can spend another hour .
now , for a three-hour vacation , it &apos;s one hour .
there seems to be a discrepancy .
i can be a little bit unusual , you know , i &apos;m not very nervous about saving memories , but there &apos;s a serious question , if you do it , you know , why do we pay more ?
so i want you to do a mental experiment .
imagine , you &apos;re going to have all the pictures of the next sabbatical , and you &apos;re not going to hear a drug and nothing that you &apos;re not going to forget your memories .
in this case , would you still go to this holiday ?
and if you don &apos;t want to go to another vacation in this case , the two your two selves agree with each other , and think about how to eliminate this contradiction , it &apos;s not that obvious , because if you take the time in front of it , you get another answer .
the choice to choose where we &apos;re going to go is a situation that forced us to choose one of our two selves .
now , these two selves represent two different sense of happiness .
in fact , there &apos;s a different concept of happiness that can be applied to each self .
so you might ask : how happy is the experience self ?
and then you might ask , how happy are the moments of the experience of self ?
and they all -- happiness is very complex .
what are the sensations ?
by the way , we now have a very clear idea about the time that self is in time .
but if you like the happiness of self , that &apos;s completely different .
it &apos;s not about how happy a person lives .
it &apos;s about how happy it is when a person thinks about life .
it &apos;s a very different feeling .
one of these two senses will fail in the research study on happiness , and i &apos;m a group of people who have been trying to feel the research of happiness for a while , and i &apos;m doing this , especially in a group that i &apos;m doing .
the difference between the experience of self is the difference between the happiness of self and the difference between the happiness of self and no longer relevant efforts to separate them .
gallup organization conducted a survey that asked people about their lives and experience over half a million people around the world , and there are other institutions that show up .
so in recent years , we started learning new things about happiness of two selves .
but i think the most important thing that we learn is that these two are different .
you may recognize somebody who is very satisfied with life , but it doesn &apos;t show you how happy that person is in the life of that person , and that &apos;s the opposite for the other .
let me give you an idea of the relationship between the relationship coefficient and the fudge .
this means that you meet somebody , and they said to you , &quot; oh , it &apos;s his father , and you know , &quot; how much do you know about his father ?
of course , you have an idea about the life , but you have no idea about weight .
so that &apos;s how it &apos;s about happiness .
now i told you that one of the people &apos;s lives is going to be able to figure out how happy this person is , in terms of how happy it is to experience .
so the connection between two is weak .
we know some of the things that control happiness of self .
we know that money is very important , and the goals are very important .
we know that happiness is a lot of time to spend time with people we love , often with people like that .
there are other senses , but they are dominant .
so you &apos;ve got to be doing very different things to bring both your selves to the highest level of happiness .
the summary of what i remember here is that we have to mix happiness with a good feeling .
the two are completely different .
now , the reason we think about happiness very quickly is because we think about life , and we don &apos;t care about the same things .
so , if you &apos;re simply in california , you can &apos;t get the right answer if you &apos;re going to ask the people in california .
when you ask this question , if you &apos;re living in ohio , you think that people living in california are happier .
in fact , you think about the differences between california and the other places in california , where you think about the differences between california and other places .
interestingly , the climate experience is very important for the self of self , and it &apos;s also that the spectrum that makes people decide how happy it is .
now , some of the information that is reflected in this regard is that , in the end , or you can get to california , or you can eventually go to california .
and it may be very interesting to see what the people who moved to california with hope to be happier .
the experience of experience will not be happier .
we know this .
but it will be going to be , we &apos;ll think they &apos;re happier , because they &apos;re going to see how awful the air in ohio is , and they &apos;re going to be able to think that they &apos;re getting a right decision .
it &apos;s hard to think about yourself as a good feeling , and i hope that i can &apos;t give you an idea how hard it is .
thank you .
thank you . i have a question .
thank you very much .
and a few days ago , when i met the phone , you told me that the gallup poll came out of a very interesting outcome .
are you sharing this with us in a few minutes ?
daniel friedman : sure .
i think the most interesting result of gallup survey was a number that we did not foresee .
we found that figure in relation to the happiness of self .
we looked at the exchange level with the level of emotions .
it turns out that when americans get under the $ 10,000 annual income , this is a very big example of an american cluster , 2,000 people , but a good example , the average income of $ 5,000 dollars .
it &apos;s 60,000 dollars .
mm : 60,000 dollars .
it &apos;s 60,000 dollars a year , and people are unhappy , even getting poorer .
but on top of that , we see a completely flattened line .
it &apos;s a flat line , it &apos;s not uncommon .
what &apos;s happening is that money can &apos;t buy happiness , but the money is absolutely misery , and it can certainly make it possible to measure it very much .
and when it comes to other subjects , there is another situation for the self .
you &apos;re so satisfied with how much money you have .
it doesn &apos;t apply to emotions .
but danny , the american dream is about the pursuit of life , freedom and happiness .
if people take this data seriously , they turn everything we believe , like , for example , tax policy and other similar things .
is there any chance for politicians or generally the country to take these data seriously and make it based on them ?
mm : you know , i think that public policy is based on the role of happiness research .
there is no doubt that this process will be slow in the united states , but in england and in other countries , it &apos;s happening right now .
people are aware that they should think about the concept of happiness as they think about public policy .
of course , when people are going to take the experience of happiness , they &apos;re going to discuss the experience of happiness or the process of living , so we need to start a moment .
how do you think about how you think about happiness , you have different ways of self , or whether you &apos;re going to do that ?
i believe that it will affect politics in the coming years .
the united states is making initiatives to gauge the experience of happiness .
in the next ten or eight years , these data will be part of national statistics .
i think it seems to me that this is one of the most important policy discussions in the coming years , or should take it .
thank you very much for invented the behavioral economics .
thank you danny kahn .
i &apos;m jane mcgonigal . i &apos;m a game designer .
i &apos;ve been doing online games for 10 years , and in the next 10 years , my goal is to make the world easy to save the online games .
now i have a plan for this , and the plan is to convince you that more people , including the plan , are more likely to play more and better games than ever .
now , we spend three billion hours online online .
some of you might think , &quot; this is a lot of time to play . &quot;
perhaps too much time when we think about the number of pressing problems we need to solve in the real world .
according to the institute for the future research , actually , the opposite is the opposite .
three billion hours of play are almost insufficient to solve the world &apos;s pressing problems .
in fact , if we still want to live on this planet in the next century , we need to increase this number .
i calculated that i had to separate 21 billion hours a week for the game .
so , this is probably an idea , which is , again , again , again , let &apos;s take it to mind , let &apos;s take it to mind , if we want to solve the problems , the climate change , the global conflict , hunger , obesity , and we need to be able to play at least 21 billion hours a week .
no . i &apos;m sorry . i &apos;m sorry .
so here &apos;s the reason . this picture is largely explaining why the games are necessary to survive in the future , and indeed . really .
this is a picture of a photographer named ralph phil .
he wanted to capture the sense of play , so , in front of the players , the camera set up the camera .
and this is a classic game of play .
now , if you &apos;re not a player , you can get some of this picture .
probably , the sense of urgency is a little bit of fear -- but intense concentration is a sense of focus to solve a really difficult problem .
if you &apos;re a player , you &apos;ll notice a couple of things here , a sign of optimism on the edges of your eyes , and a sign of optimism .
this is what some call a epic triumph of some of them .
oh , you &apos;ve heard this . okay . there &apos;s some players .
you have no idea that the epic triumph , which is a positive result , is possible until it fails .
it was almost beyond the imagination of imagination .
and when he came there , you would find the shock of discovering what could actually do , that &apos;s a epic victory .
this is a player at the threshold of a epic victory .
and this is what we want to see in the face of the problem in the world when it tries to overcome the barriers of the next century . it &apos;s the face of somebody who &apos;s opposed to all the things in the world .
unfortunately , that &apos;s what we &apos;re facing in order to solve these priorities .
this is what i call &quot; good life in life , &quot; which is what i call the face , which is , can you see it ? yeah . good .
&quot; i am not good in life . &quot;
this is berkeley , california , where i &apos;ve been doing better than the real real life in the games .
and this is a problem that many players have .
we feel that we are not as good as the games in real life .
well , i don &apos;t just mean success , but of course it &apos;s part of that .
we &apos;re going to win more in the game worlds , but the challenge is to co-operate in order to do something that matters , to do something important about what matters .
and when we are in the game world , i believe that most of us are the best version of ourselves , we are living in the best version of our aid , most of the time we &apos;re dealing with a problem with a problem , and we go back and forth .
and when we fail to fail in real life , we don &apos;t feel the same way .
we feel that we have overcome it . we feel overwhelmed . we are , perhaps , angry , fearful or soulful .
we don &apos;t feel these emotions at play ; they &apos;re not in games .
i wanted to work when i was a graduate student .
how do you say that when the games fail to do everything , what do you say ?
how can we get these feelings from play and work in real world ?
so i looked at games like world of warcraft , a really ideal partner problem .
and i noticed a couple of things that made it possible that the epic gains are possible in the online world .
so , the first thing is that online games emerge in one of the online games , especially in the world of warcraft , you can find a lot of different characters that are ready to trust you .
but it &apos;s not a task , but it &apos;s a mission that you &apos;re in the game that you &apos;re very familiar with . right ?
so you can do it .
they never give you a challenge that you can &apos;t do .
but this is about what you can do , so you have to strive , so you have no unemployment in world of warcraft .
you don &apos;t have to be sitting in your hands . there &apos;s a particular thing that &apos;s always necessary to do .
and there are many participants .
wherever you go , the hundreds of thousands of people are ready to work with you to achieve the epic work .
it &apos;s not something that we can easily find in real life , it gives us thousands of participants in our fingertips .
and it also is the epic story , which is why we &apos;re here and what we &apos;re doing with what we &apos;re doing .
and then we get all these positive feedback feedback .
you &apos;ve heard about rising levels or a plus of power and a plus intelligence .
we don &apos;t get the same feedback in real life .
when i get out of this room , plus an honest talk or a plus of a crazy idea , plus two hundred crazy ideas .
i get this feedback in real life .
the problem around the world of warcraft is that we decide to spend most of our time in the game world because it &apos;s very gratifying to be in the midst of epic triumph .
it &apos;s better than reality .
so so far , all of the world &apos;s players have spent millions of years trying to solve the virtual problems of titan .
now , this is not a bad thing .
it sounds like a bad thing .
think about this : the first ancient ancestors in the old era were up up .
this is the first primates .
so , when we think about how long we think about games , the only way to think about it is that it &apos;s the only way to think about the creation of human evolution , something that is extraordinary .
but this is something that is understandable , because , somehow , all of this time is a time when we really change our people &apos;s authority .
we &apos;re developing to be more and more humble .
that &apos;s true . i believe that .
now let &apos;s take a look at this interesting statistic . recently , it was published by a researcher at carnegie mellon university , an average young person in a country who is a powerful game culture , and he spends about 10,000 hours online to play .
now , for two reasons , it &apos;s really interesting for 10,000 hours .
first of all , the kids in the united states are going to spend a long time when they &apos;re going to go to high school to high school .
so what they &apos;re learning in school is completely parallel with the education that they learn to be a good player .
and some of you probably read the new book of the bible gladwell .
you &apos;ve heard about success , 10,000 hours of success .
if we spend 10,000 hours for anything that &apos;s based on this big cognitive science research , we &apos;re going to be veteran .
we can be as good as people in the world .
so what i &apos;m looking at is a whole generation of young people .
so the key question is , &quot; what are the players doing well ? &quot;
because if we can get aware , we can have the human resource that we have before .
this shows that we have the number of people who play at least an hour online .
these are our games . 500 million people are good at something .
and in the next decade , we &apos;re going to have a billion other players who are incredibly successful .
if you don &apos;t know , it &apos;s going to happen .
the game industry is developing the low energy that works via wireless phone networks instead of internet , and the players in the world , especially in india , china , brazil , are online in china .
they expect another billion player players in the next decade .
it will bring us to 1.5 billion players .
so i started thinking that these games were doing us well .
all four things happen . the first thing is urgent optimism .
okay . think about it as an extreme motivator .
it &apos;s the desire to intervene quickly to overcome the belief that we have the belief that we have an emergency optimism .
players believe it &apos;s always possible to win epic , and it &apos;s always worth trying .
players don &apos;t sit .
players are trained in the creation of a tight social fabric .
so many interesting research shows that even if they &apos;re very bad , we love people with play after playing with opponents .
the reason for this is to play more confidence to play with somebody else .
we believe they will spend time with us , and within the same rules , we believe they will stay with us until the game is held .
so , together , play together , play , trust , trust and collaboration .
so we &apos;re building stronger social relationships .
happy productivity . i love this .
you know that the average world of warcraft play is a reason why it plays 22 hours a week for a week .
we know that when playing plays , we &apos;re getting more happy than we are , we &apos;re working harder .
we know that , for meaningful work , it has become appropriate as people .
if the right thing is done , players always want hard work .
finally , the meaning of epic .
players like to be included in big and scary stories , including the planets .
so what we &apos;re seeing is that we &apos;re helping to put them in the same perspective . you all know wikipedia , you know wikipedia .
the second largest , almost -- the world of warcraft is the world of warcraft .
five million people use it every month .
the world of warcraft has collected more information on all the other papers in the world of warcraft .
they &apos;re building a epic story .
they create a epic knowledge of world of warcraft .
ok , these are four super superpowers that lead us to a conclusion , the players are hopeful people .
these are people who believe they are capable of changing the world .
the only problem is that , not in the real world , they can change the virtual world .
this is the problem i try to solve .
there &apos;s a economist called edward gordeyev .
it &apos;s an ingenious study that people have spent much time in the online world .
he says , &quot; we are witnessing a large exodus of the online and the virtual world . &quot;
and he &apos;s a economist , so it &apos;s realistic .
and he says ...
not like me , i &apos;m a play designer ; it &apos;s fun .
but he says , it sounds very rational , because players can achieve more than the real world in the virtual world .
they &apos;re building more powerful social relationships than they can actually do , and they &apos;re getting more feedback from real real life than real real life , they feel more .
and he says that it makes sense that the players spend more time than the real world .
now i agree that this is rational .
but in any way , it is not the appropriate situation .
we have to start doing the real world like game .
so i &apos;m inspired by an incident that happened 500 years ago .
these are ancient toxins , a sheep from a sheep , ok ?
before we had the game controllers , sheep had joints .
these are the first tools designed by people .
and if you &apos;re familiar with the work of the ancient greek historian , you may be familiar with this history , and it &apos;s the history of the person who has found the games and why .
he says games , especially the games , were found in the king of czechoslovakia in the king of corfu .
apparently , in a very serious period of famine , the king of istria decided that they had to do something crazy .
people were suffering , fighting .
it was an extraordinary situation . it was an extraordinary solution to them .
so , according to socrates , they invented these origami games and created politics across the u.k. , and one day , everyone would have eaten their chest . and the next day , everybody would play .
and in humans , they &apos;d be going to play in the game , because games were very attractive , and they would bring us to a happy efficiency that would satisfy us , they would ignore the fact that food didn &apos;t exist .
and the next day , they were going to play games . they ate the next day .
and according to budrus , they spent 18 years in this way , a day and the day after the day they ate the game , they stayed alive .
now , this is exactly what i think is that we use games today .
we use games to avoid suffering in the real world .
we use games to get away from everything that has been broken in real life , and we get everything that doesn &apos;t really satisfy us , and we take what we need .
but it doesn &apos;t have to end up here .
it &apos;s really exciting .
according to budrus , 18 years later , famine was declining . for that , king decided to play a final game .
the kingdom divided the kingdom .
they played a game game , and the winners would have to go to a epic adventure .
they &apos;re going to leave lydia . they &apos;ll leave their country for new places , they &apos;ll leave the country with the resources that can survive , and they &apos;re going to try to find places where they &apos;re going to be able to develop .
now , this sounds crazy , right ?
but recently , dna evidence showed that the illyrians , who led the roman empire , are carrying the same dna .
and recently , scientists have suggested that the crazy story of a crazy story is true .
and geologists found the evidence of the global warming , which lasted about 20 years .
so that &apos;s the crazy story .
and they may be able to be able to take the culture out of the games , and they could be able to take a lot of inspiration for the games for 18 years , and then they could be able to take a lot of work , and they could be able to get together with the games .
okay , we can do that .
we &apos;ve been playing world world warcraft since 1994 .
this is the first real real-time game game in world of warcraft , 16 years ago .
it &apos;s 18 years of play games , and we &apos;ve been playing warcraft for 16 years .
i say we &apos;re ready for our own epic play .
now , they sent a new world to search for a new world . this is where i found 21 billion hours a week .
let &apos;s imagine if you &apos;re going to spend a moment in the world to solve your real world problems .
i know what you &apos;re going to ask , &quot; how will we solve the real world problems in games ? &quot; here &apos;s what i &apos;ve been doing for a few years in the institute for the future .
we have this poster in the lab at palo alto , which is our view of how we &apos;re trying to connect with the future .
we &apos;re not trying to predict the future .
what we want to do is create the future .
we want to imagine the best scenario , and we want to give people power to do this .
we want to imagine epic victories , and then we want to show people what it means to achieve epic victories .
i &apos;m going to show you three games that i &apos;m going to show you about how to create the epic victories that are going to come to people .
well , this is world life .
we did this game in 2007 .
it &apos;s a online game where you &apos;re trying to survive where the oil is .
the oil shortage , though , but we &apos;ve made enough online content to convince you that it &apos;s real , and we &apos;ve actually made enough online content to convince you where you live , and you &apos;re going to be able to tell you where you &apos;re going to live , and you &apos;re going to be able to tell you how to live , and that &apos;s how you &apos;re going to live .
in 2007 we tried 1,700 gamers . we watched them for three years .
i can say that this is a transformative experience .
no one wants to change the shape of life because it &apos;s good for the world or to do it .
but you can put them into a epic adventure , and you say , &quot; we consume oil . &quot;
it &apos;s a fantastic story to join , and it &apos;s adventure .
you &apos;re fighting yourself to see if you &apos;re in life . many players have defended their habits in this game .
we decided to take a bigger problem than oil for the next world to save the next world .
we did a game called the institute for the future of the future .
our proposal suggests that a computer is on the planet for 23 years .
this is the name of the global global recovery system .
we wanted them to be online , like a jerry fincher movie .
you know the movie of jerry spielberg , you create a dream team . a astronauts , a scientist , an old prisoner , and you have everything to save the world .
but what we do is , instead of the dream team of five people , we want everyone to be in the dream team , the energy of your future , the health , the health of the future , the social security network eight weeks . eight weeks .
we had 3,000 people playing the game .
they came up with the creative solution that gave 500 caricatures . if you call it in google , you &apos;ll see , you &apos;ll see it .
finally , our last game , we start three on three , we &apos;ve done it with the world bank .
if you &apos;re going to play the game , you &apos;ll be granted the world bank as a social renewal 2010 .
we &apos;re working with universities in south africa . we invite them to learn their social skills .
we have a series of comics . we &apos;ve got a level of skills in the local perception , the information network , the intelligence , the vision and skills .
i invite all of you to share this game with young people in the world , especially in order to come together to save the world , and for the developing regions that can get the greatest benefit for creating their own social institutions .
now i &apos;m going to get up .
i want to ask a question .
what &apos;s next ?
we have all these incredible players , we have our games that we can do , but none of them have yet saved the real world .
i &apos;m hoping that you &apos;re both the idea , and the players are human resources that we can use in real world work , a powerful platform for change .
we have all these incredible superpowers , the happy productivity , the ability to build a rigorous social fabric , the sense of emergency optimism and epic triumph .
i really hope we will come together and play a game for the survival of life on this planet .
my hope is that playing plays , playing games , you can join me .
when i look at the next 10 years , there are two things i &apos;m sure i &apos;m sure we can create , and we can play the game we want .
i mean , let &apos;s allow the start of the game games .
thank you .
i want to share with you a discovery that i &apos;ve been doing for a couple of months ago magazine magazine magazine .
when i wrote about what and what i wrote about , i was always under my hands , but i realized that i had not seen the word &quot; disabled &quot; in my life once i finished my writing .
let me read you the input .
the disabled -- the verb : my fault , my poor , dysfunctional , dysfunctional , dysfunctional , wounded , paralysis , paralysis , poor , frail , frail , frail , frail , frail , poor , frail , frail , frail , frail , wasteful , frail , frail , frail .
it &apos;s useful , healthy , robust enough .
when i started to read this list a friend , it was so funny , but it was so funny , but i had to pull the word word in the gut , and i had to pull myself out of the feeling that these emotional shock and words created .
you know , this is my old jacket dictionary , i thought , &quot; i think it should be ancient . &quot;
but the printing date was in the early 1980s , when i started my primary school and created a awareness of the family union and other children and the world .
and thank goodness , i didn &apos;t use it at those days .
so i was born in this world where i was born , and i could never see someone like me in this world that i &apos;d never had positive , but today i have seen the opportunity for my own life and adventure .
so i looked at the expectation that the dictionary was 2009 online online .
this is the current version of the envelope .
unfortunately , it &apos;s not better .
i particularly found two words written under the title &quot; diametrically meaningful &quot; title -- &quot; all &quot; and &quot; healthy &quot; .
so it &apos;s not just about words .
these are things that we believe in terms of these words .
it &apos;s also about the values and the values behind these words .
our language affects how we perceive our way of thinking and how we see the world around us .
in fact , they believed that the power to express a curse in ancient civilizations like greece and rome was too much , because they thought they would be able to say that when they speak loud .
so what reality would we want to do , or is it a limited human being , or a reinforced human ?
when we give one person a name in everyday life , it puts it on its power , or it puts it down .
instead , do we want to open the doors ?
this is a person who opened the door to me , my childhood doctor , ohio , missouri , missouri .
he was dr. mures , and the chinese and his name was very difficult for american , the room was called dr. .
dr. p always wore colorful outfits and had a spirit that fits with children .
i loved almost all my time in this hospital , except for physical treatment .
what i had to do was i had a lot of times in the same different colors to help the development of legs in the leg , and i hated the same exercise , and i hated everything from those lines . i hated them , i hated them . i hated them .
and as a five year-old child , i was negotiating with 89 , and i was negotiating with 89 .
and one day , i &apos;m going to have a lot of fun , and i &apos;m going to say , &quot; wow ! aimee , you &apos;re really very strong , you &apos;re a very powerful little girl , you &apos;re a little girl .
and if you really break one of these tapes , i &apos;ll give you 100 dollars . &quot;
now , of course , i don &apos;t want to do the exercise that i don &apos;t want to do , but the real success , the second five , the five most prosperous kids in the second floor , is that i &apos;m going to be able to repeat a terrible and hopeful experience to show me a whole new , hopeful experience .
and i really wonder what it &apos;s like to say , &quot; powerful little girl in the powerful little girl , &quot; and how his interpretation is , and the extent of the impact and influence of &quot; selfish powerful human beings , &quot; today .
there are examples of how adults have the power of a child in power .
but in terms of the dictionary that we &apos;ve been given before , our language is not allowing us to evolve into a reality that we all want , &quot; to see itself enough . &quot;
our language has not been able to adjust social changes with many technology .
certainly , in a medical sense , my legs , my legs , are the laser surgery for the recovery of the blind , and the ability to allow them to go beyond the limits of the world , not only the social networking network , but allowing people to find their own personality and allow them to find themselves in the global groups .
so perhaps the technology is more meaningful to us , which is always what is true for us -- it has something to offer in society , and the ability of people to be able to provide a sense of the most valuable quality of our quality .
the ability to adapt , this is something interesting , because people want to talk to me about the improvement of challenges -- and i &apos;m going to give you a confession , and i think i &apos;m going to be nervous , and i think i &apos;ve always been nervous .
and if you want to overcome the challenges , you &apos;re going to be able to get out of 40 success or happiness , and the idea that happiness is going to be saved from another side of an experienced experience , and the idea that i &apos;m going to be able to get rid of them , or you can &apos;t get rid of their surroundings .
but in fact , we &apos;re changing . we are the challenge and the obstacles , or the physical , both of them , we carry their sights .
and i claim that this is a good thing .
the challenge is not a barrier we need to walk out of the environment to live our lives .
it &apos;s part of our lives .
and i think about it as a shadow .
sometimes it &apos;s very , very small , but it &apos;s always very little with me .
and i don &apos;t try to reduce the weight of the crackdown on life .
there are challenges in life and difficulties , if they &apos;re not static for each person , they &apos;re all real , but the question is , how do you meet with it ?
so our responsibility is not to simply protect the people that we value , but to make them good for the challenges of life .
and we can &apos;t tell them that they &apos;re not enough enough to adapt to our children .
i &apos;m a very important difference between the fact that i &apos;m a medical and objective person , and i &apos;m a very important difference between the social and objective perspective .
and i thought , well , i was the only real and consistent disability i had to face , and i thought i would be able to describe the world by the words .
and when we talk about medical advances in order to protect our loved ones and our dreams , we have to say , in fact , that life quality is the first time we &apos;re talking about quality of life , and we &apos;re going to be sure that we &apos;re going to be able to say , &quot; we &apos;re not going to kill . &quot;
it can only look at the model that we have in our own way , and how we can fix them , even greater than the existing anatomy in that individual .
we may have to add another disease to the extent of a human being , without approving the potential of a human being .
we are measuring the social value of one .
so we have to see the capacity of the physiology and the human capacity .
and the most important thing is that this restriction is a partnership between our most powerful creative abilities .
so it &apos;s not about fixing or rejecting it . it &apos;s about trying to avoid a lot of things that we want to avoid or put under the rug , and it &apos;s about finding the opportunities that are hidden in this challenge .
the idea that i want to put forward is perhaps , in fact , that we can open the challenges and embrace it , and to embrace it , use it , use a wrestling , and maybe dance with it .
and perhaps , we think of the challenges as natural , consistent and useful , because we &apos;re going to get less charge .
we celebrated charles darwin &apos;s five birthday this year , and 150 years ago , darwin wrote about evolution , and he talked about human character .
if i can tell you , those who live in life are not the most powerful or brightest of species , but the ability to adapt .
conflict is the origin of creation .
what we understand from darwin &apos;s work is that , compared to all of the others , the ability to survive and the ability to survive in human beings is to move towards transformation , the transformation of conflict in the human heart .
so , again , the most important human skills of transformation and harmony .
and perhaps we don &apos;t know what happens in our species until we test .
maybe the challenges give us this -- we don &apos;t know ourselves , to feel our own power .
so we can give ourselves a gift .
we can think of the challenge as a more than &quot; power times &quot; .
we can see this as a &quot; change . &quot;
the challenge is , &quot; change , &quot; which we &apos;re not only able to adapt .
i think the biggest challenge in life is the idea that we have created ourselves .
now , who is lesterland ?
there &apos;s nothing normal .
it &apos;s overall , but it &apos;s not generally normal . it &apos;s typical . but it &apos;s not a normal , but it &apos;s not normal .
i don &apos;t think of it .
if we can change this paradigm , we can change the potential of a little bit more dangerous than the fact that we can achieve the probability of someone , even more dangerous than achieving the probability of the possibility , and we can invite them to get them out of the community to interact with the community .
anthropologists tell us the same thing -- we , the people , the other members of our community all over time , and we supported support .
there are evidence that the elderly and the people who had serious physical wounds were carried out by the elderly and the serious physical wounds of the elderly 60 years ago , and that was the proof that they value the experience of life .
we didn &apos;t get these people broken and didn &apos;t work , and we were very rare and valuable .
a few years ago , when i grew up in the city in the city where i grew up , i was in the red , and i was in the red , and i was standing at the beginning of a piece of chocolate .
the summer was the year , i was wearing a coat .
one voice from my head , this guy &apos;s voice , &quot; if i &apos;m not aimee mullins . &quot;
when i heard it said , i had no idea of who this man was .
i said , &quot; well , we &apos;ve been married before , i didn &apos;t remember . &quot;
the room is to me , &quot; of course .
i met you when i got you from the mother &apos;s parent . &quot;
oh , oh , this guy !
and of course , i had a license .
this guy , dr. herbert , was one of the stories i knew from the stories that my mother had told me about this day , and , of course , i was very late on my birthday .
and the mother of my mother came out of a journey , so my parents were totally foreign for my family .
and without the jaw my bones , my feet , my feet , i &apos;m going to have a little bit of a little bit of a bad news that i &apos;ve been standing on , and that &apos;s the stranger that i &apos;ve been born with .
he said to me , &quot; i had to give you an independent life of the other kids that you never heard of the family , but to give you an independent life , and you have to make me cry out of that day . &quot;
the laughter was so extraordinary that my whole childhood was going to write every newspaper on my whole childhood , and if i had to win the second class , i would have a college college , and i would have been able to train them all , and they had to train them , and they were trained to train medical professionals , and to train them and train them .
and this part of the work called the dopamine , which is the human equivalent .
the prediction of one of the cases of disease is that it can &apos;t be very important and effective .
and dr. denis continued to tell me , &quot; well , in my experience , i think that , as long as i have been able to do something else , the children will be able to get their own orientation , even if there is a little bit of support . &quot;
see , dr. denis is the idea of that transformation .
with medical conditions , there &apos;s a serious difference between what one person can do in those circumstances .
and i was in my mind over time , and if you were 15 years old , i could change the prosthetic with the prosthetic legs , even with a second .
at that time , i was hoping to have a continuum .
if you ask me today , i &apos;m not sure .
because i have a lot of experience with them , not the experience i &apos;ve experienced .
and maybe my change was because i was exposed to people who were trying to limit me , because i was exposed to people who threw me more doors than those who were hitting me .
you see , the only person you need is to show you your own power and you &apos;re going to go out .
if you can give someone the keys of his own power , the human spirit is so quick , and if you can open it up , you can do it very quickly , you train them in the most sense .
they &apos;re going to open their doors for themselves themselves .
you &apos;re learning . it &apos;s actually the root of education , and it means it means .
it &apos;s the &quot; emergence of the inside &quot; , the potential to get out of the potential .
so again , what do we want to make ?
in the 1960s , there was a case in britain , and then they went to the grammar schools , the broad sensory schools .
and it &apos;s called self-assembly experiments , and we &apos;re following this in the united states .
it &apos;s about cutting kids , b , c , d.
a student takes the most rigorous curriculum and best , etc .
three months later , d d was given a grade to students , and they were told to students that they were very bright , they were very bright at the end of the three-month period .
and of course , this story also has a sad side of the story , and it gives students d d d &amp; d .
they &apos;re told that they are . what happens after three months of time .
apart from the school , only a few students have been stuck to school .
the critical point of this work is that teachers have been betrayed .
teachers don &apos;t know that there is a change .
well , they &apos;re basically a student , they &apos;re a student , and they &apos;re called b student , and they behave with these ideas .
i mean , there &apos;s a single disability , the room is crushed , no hope of a crushed soul . it can &apos;t see the beauty , it doesn &apos;t have the ability to dream .
instead , we can support the spirit of a human spirit to make hope , and we can help see the beauty in its environment and the beauty around us , so we really use our power beautiful .
if they have these values , the new reality is about creating new realities and new &quot; existence . &quot;
i &apos;d like to leave you with a poem , my friend jacques jacques , who told me , &quot; only four words , god knows god , &quot; not only four words , but the god of god , the god of god , and saying , &quot; come to me and dance with me . &quot;
come on and dance with me . thank you .
