one day , the los angeles times columnist steve lopez was walking in the streets of the los angeles city centre , enjoying a great music .
a man was a man , an american man , a sevimli , bakımsız , evsiz , just two teli .
and i &apos;m telling you a story that many of you know , because steve lopez was the basis of a book that was later taken into film , and steve lopez jr , and his career , and he was a tragic kesilen , and she was playing his career in a tragic way .
he gave him a big recession , and he lived in a big recession , and 30 years later , he lived in a homeless in the streets of los angeles .
i ask steve &apos;s book to read the book , or to watch the film , not just to understand this extraordinary link between these two guys , but in the end of the story , that the word that i use is a enstrüman instrument that i used to get from the street to the street .
i met mr. anderson in 2008 , two years ago , walt disney .
he heard the performance of beethoven &apos;s first and fourth symphony , and he came back to the back of the stage .
so it was so pleasant and very close to hillary clinton and hillary clinton , which was the reason why he was going to never ever do the world series .
and we started talking about music , and a few days later steve sent me a message saying he wanted to get a violin lesson from me .
now , i &apos;m supposed to have to say that when we get treatment , it &apos;s shock therapy and kelepçelerleydi , and that &apos;s the shock , and it took the whole life of the whole life .
but as a result of this , it &apos;s now about these schizophrenia periods , and these are the worst things that they &apos;re going to see when they &apos;re walking around the streets of the street , when they &apos;re walking around the streets of the street , and it shows themselves that the street is exposed to the street .
and when walt disney started the first dersimize at the concert hall , ann was in the middle of the auditorium , and he was in his eyes , and he was dead .
and he was talking about the invisible devil and the fire , and one of the things that someone had died in her sleeping .
and i was scared , not for myself , but i was afraid that i was going to get it , and i was going to talk to one of the usual things , and if i had the other fascinating versions of the ölçülerden and the violin and the violin , i was afraid that i would be able to break the ilişkisini relationship .
so i just started playing .
i played beethoven &apos;s first move .
and i realized that there was a very deep change in the eyes of ann .
it was kind of like a chemical reaksiyonun , a chemical response , and i worked with my music .
and conan &apos;s anger , and a quiet curiosity and a quiet curiosity , turned into compassion .
and with a miracle , he lifted his own instruments and started playing pieces like violin songs , and then he asked me to complete , picasso , picasso .
and we started talking about music , beethoven and beethoven , beethoven and bach , and from all b and all the b.
and i realized that it was also associated with a personal level of music , but also on personal level .
so , it was a passion of passion and understanding that i also share with my colleagues at the los angeles philharmonic .
and by doing music , talking about music and talking about music , this man turned into a müzisyene , bilgili , parlak , annie , in the center of los angeles .
music is music . music changes us .
and for ann , music is mental .
because it allows them to think about their thoughts and their ability to reflect their imagination and creativity into reality .
and this is the escape of his suffering .
and i realized that this is the most esaslı of art .
this is the main reason for us to do music , and we have a sense of our ability to create something that exists in a artistic eye , and we can transform it into a artistic eye .
and the reality of a statement is that we &apos;re all coming , it &apos;s effective , inspiring and bringing together .
and for ann , music is turning it back to the friendly family .
the powerful power of music brings it back to the family of musicians who recognize the talent and respect it .
and i always &apos;m going to do music with ann disney , whether it &apos;s in the studio hall hall , because it reminds me why i &apos;m a musician .
thank you .
bruno silva : thank you . be right .
robert gupta .
robert gupta : i want to play something i &apos;ve been talking about from the audience .
please pardon me .
i &apos;ve got a lot of fish in my life .
i just like two .
the first one was like a passionate relationship .
it was a beautiful fish , delicious , tekstüre , etli .
but it &apos;s a fish .
even better , he was raised in a farm in line with the highest sustainability standards .
so you can feel the fish when you sell the fish .
i &apos;ve experienced a couple of months of relationship .
one day , the president called and asked the company to talk about sustainability in the event .
i said , &quot; absolutely . &quot;
so this is a company trying to solve the unimaginable problem of our ancestors . how do we make the fish ?
we &apos;ve been exploring forests in the last 50 years , and we &apos;re looking at fish in the sea .
it &apos;s hard to emphasize .
90 percent of the big fish , the ton , the tuna , the tuna , the salmon , the salmon , they all dropped .
almost nothing happened .
so , it &apos;s going to be a part of our farm , the fish farm , the fish grow .
there are many arguments that are opposed to this . the fish are creating pollution , at least most of them create , and the inefficient , the tuna is a big disadvantage .
the union has a besin ratio of food .
this means that in order to get a kilo kilogram of tuna in the farm , ten kilograms of fish are needed .
it &apos;s not sustainable .
the taste is not very good .
there was a company .
i wanted to support this company .
the previous day , i called for the company &apos;s public relations director .
let &apos;s call it don .
&quot; don &apos;t say , &quot; i said , &quot; i &apos;m just asking you to understand the things , you &apos;re going to be very far away from the sea , so you &apos;re talking about pollution . &quot;
he said , &quot; right , &quot; he said , &quot; we &apos;re very far away , the waste of the waste that we &apos;ve been born with .
and then he added , &quot; we are an independent world .
is it the çevrim ratio ? &quot;
&quot; the industry is best . &quot;
in 1976 , it &apos;s great .
&quot; what is the 99 ? what do you feel like ? &quot;
he said , &quot; sustainable protein . &quot;
i said , &quot; great , &quot; i shut off the phone .
and i thought , &quot; well , what is the sustainable protein ? &quot;
so the next day , i called out don just before the event .
i said , &quot; don &apos;t , for example , what are sustainable protein ?
he said he didn &apos;t know . he &apos;d put it around .
i interviewed a couple of people from the company . no one gave me a clear answer . eventually , i made a phone conversation .
let &apos;s call it don .
i said , &quot; don &apos;t , &quot; i said , &quot; what is the sustainable protein ? &quot;
he talked about some of the species and fish , and then she said , chicken seals .
i said , &quot; are you chicken ? &quot;
he said , &quot; yes , the hairs that have been processed into dry tissues , leather , bone powder , &quot; he said .
it &apos;s about two percent , and i think , &quot; the oath you use is 90 percent .
how many of you ? &quot;
&quot; about 30 per cent , &quot; he said .
i said , &quot; don &apos;t don &apos;t get the fish feeding fish ? &quot;
and there was a long silence , and he said , &quot; there are too many chickens in the world . &quot;
my love with this fish ended .
no , it &apos;s not that i &apos;m an impostor , a fake gourmet .
i &apos;m really sorry .
no , my love with this fish is really over because i swear that , after this talk , the fish started coming like chicken .
the second fish is another love story .
it &apos;s kind of like romantic , balığınızı .
i was in a restaurant in southern spain for the first time .
journalist a long time talking about this fish .
he did it .
the fish came to the table , bright , almost glowing white color .
the conductor ate a lot .
it &apos;s twice as much .
it was incredibly , very surprising .
who can make a fish delicious after a fish is too plentiful ?
i can &apos;t do it , but it can make this guy .
we call him juan . actually , juan .
and no , the fish were burning it , and it &apos;s not the conductor . it &apos;s not what we know .
he &apos;s a biologist from barbara la la .
stoyanov la la la is a fish farm in southwest spain .
on the tip of the mura river .
the farm was the head of mexico until the 1980s .
they basically raised meat meat in the area , which is a wetlands .
they were doing this with garbage .
they built kanallar channels and transported water to the river .
well , they didn &apos;t do that , economically .
and it was ecologically disastrous .
about 90 percent of birds are so killed , so that &apos;s a lot of birds .
and so in 1982 , a spanish company with environmental consciousness bought the land .
what did they do ?
they reverse the flow of water .
they literally threw the kelimenin .
instead of throwing water out , they used channels to pull water back .
they have allowed the channels to open .
they created a bir fish farm -- fishery , fishing , shrimp , salmon -- and miguel and his company completely reversed the natural disaster .
this farm is incredible .
so you can &apos;t see that .
you &apos;re looking at a million miles away , and you see all the kanallar channels and these thick bataklık land .
i was there with juan .
a wonderful guy , three pieces charles darwin and a piece of pine .
okay ? we &apos;re on land , we &apos;re getting breath , breath and breath , until i go to my feet , and i &apos;m going to be quiet biology .
this is a rare ec .
now they &apos;re talking about mineral resources .
and here , it sees a gruplaşma pattern that reminds him the tasmanian elephant .
he spent a big part of his career at the national park in africa .
and i asked him how she was interested in fish .
&quot; fish ? i knew nothing about fish .
i am an expert in relations , &quot; he said .
and then rare birds continued to talk about mammals and the strange water plants .
and don &apos;t get me wrong , it was really fascinating , it was something like the biyotik .
but i loved it .
and when i was in my mind , i had a lot of delicious taste .
so , i said , &quot; well , juan , what &apos;s the kind of delicious thing that makes your fish so tasty ? &quot;
he pointed to the lichens .
&quot; i know my friend , the lichens , the fitoplanktonlar , the great .
but what are your fish eating ?
what is the besin ratio ? &quot;
miguel said it was a very rich system , the fish normally ate the food in nature .
plants , insects , birds , fish , they &apos;re eating .
the system is so healthy that it &apos;s totally yeniliyor .
there &apos;s no food .
have you ever heard about a farm that feeds animals ?
the day later , when miguel was traveling along with juan , i asked juan , saying , &quot; how do you do success in this place , unlike the farmers that i &apos;ve been doing before ?
i was like a film director who was looking at the barrier change .
and we went to the corner , and i witnessed the most amazing stage , thousands and thousands of pink flamingo , a pink carpet that goes to the end of the word .
&quot; this is the success . &quot;
&quot; look at their bodies , pink .
they are taking the pie . &quot;
what ? my head was completely confused .
i said , &quot; well , don &apos;t you like to eat the food ? &quot;
he said , &quot; yes . &quot;
&quot; we lost 20 percent of our fish and fish from birds .
there were 600,000 birds in this land last year , more than 250 species .
today , this land has become one of the most important special birds in europe . &quot;
i said , &quot; well , the last thing you can find in a growing bird population is not a kind of thing you can find in a fish farm . &quot;
he shook his head .
&quot; we are doing quantitative farming , not obesity .
this is a ecological network .
they eat fishes .
they eat insects .
so the more pink , the system is better , &quot; he said .
okay , now we &apos;re going to go from underneath to a farm that feeds the animals and the health of the hunters .
it &apos;s a fish farm , but it &apos;s also a bird protection .
oh , by the way , the dolphins , they weren &apos;t even there .
in a village of kilometre , a village of kilometre is where the land conditions are better to build .
they fly 12,000 kilometers every morning to come to the farm .
and they fly back every night .
they do this because they can watch the kesikli white road line .
i &apos;m not kidding .
i was imagining something like the walking of penguins , so i looked at juan .
are they flying back to the farm , and they &apos;re flying back to the farm after a mile , and they &apos;re flying back to 12,000 kilometers ?
do they do that for children ? &quot;
i was just like a whitney houston quote , just like i did .
&quot; no . they do this because the food is better , &quot; he said .
i don &apos;t like the delicious skin of my dear fish , and i don &apos;t like fish . i don &apos;t like it . i don &apos;t like tea .
this is kekremsi , gibi .
i almost never eat with fish .
and yet , when i looked at this fish &apos;s skin in southern spain , it didn &apos;t come like a fish skin .
it &apos;s sweet , it &apos;s clean , it &apos;s like you &apos;re in the ocean .
i talked about that , and he has approved it .
&quot; it acts like the skin sponge .
it &apos;s the last element before you enter the body .
it was evolved to clean up pollution , &quot; he said .
and then he added , &quot; but we have no pollution . &quot;
okay . it &apos;s a farm that feeds the fish , measuring the success of the hunters .
and then i realized that miguel had a çiftlik farm that he said , because this is coming from the nehrinden river river .
this river is a river that carries all the things that they &apos;re carrying today : chemical pollution , ddt .
this water goes through the system , and it &apos;s getting rid of the system .
the system is so healthy that it gets water .
i mean , not only a farm that feeds animals , but not just a çiftlik farm , but not just for the animal , but also for a water purification facility , but not just for the fish and for me .
because this water is flowing into the atlantic ocean .
i know a drop in the ocean , but i &apos;m going to accept that , and you should do it because this love story is also a story .
let &apos;s talk about whether it &apos;s meat , whether it &apos;s meat meat , that &apos;s the recipe of good food .
now what we need is a new notion of agriculture that is really delicious , which is really delicious .
but for many people , it &apos;s a little too radical .
we are not artists . we are love .
we love farmers &apos; markets . we love the small family farms . we talk about local food .
and if you tell you that these are going to be good food , someone says , &quot; hey , hey , i love pink sharks , but how do you feed the world ?
how do you feed the world ? &quot;
can i be honest ?
i don &apos;t like this question .
no , it &apos;s not because we produce enough calories to feed the world .
a billion people are hungry .
one billion -- this is from all over the time -- because of the inequality of the distribution -- not from inequality .
now , i don &apos;t like this question because the last 50 years determines the logic of the food system .
&quot; how bad can we get more people to be able to get a lot of people in the fields of agriculture ? &quot;
the motivation was always that . this was the case . the american agriculture was the business plan .
we have to name his name , a sector that can make the production of an industry , which makes production possible rapidly .
it &apos;s not an industry , and it &apos;s not agriculture .
today , our bread is not under threat , but because of scarce resources .
it &apos;s not because of the most recent industrial and tractor industries , but in terms of efficient land , not pumps , but in terms of fresh water , not the fishermen , the fishermen , and the networks in the sea .
do you want to feed the world ?
let &apos;s start asking the question : how do we feed ourselves ourselves ?
or better , how do you create the conditions that allow all communities to feed themselves ?
to do this , don &apos;t think about the agricultural industry model for the future .
this model is really old and tired .
the capital , in terms of chemistry , chemistry and machines , has produced a good thing .
look at the ecological model instead .
this is the model based on two billion years of active experience .
miguel , like miguel , farmers like miguel .
independent farmers , who are not as independent as the world , are not only interested in producing entansif farms , obesity , but also with farmers who are experts who are not only professionals .
because those who are interested in taste are also .
and if it &apos;s really honest , they &apos;re a better musicians than me .
i have no problem with that because if it &apos;s good food , it will be delicious .
thank you .
and if i &apos;m going to give you a big idea today , that idea is that all the data that we consume is big , and what i want you to think about is that it &apos;s not going to be able to see it as a model of information that can be seen as a model of information that can be seen as if you &apos;re looking at this information .
what we &apos;re seeing here is a typical death rate of death by age .
this is a little experiment that i use .
i take these deaths in the name and the striker , and i can use these deaths according to a single cause .
and , immediately , i see a different pattern coming out .
because , in this middle area , people are most active in the most active age , and here are the most narin .
it can go back again , and we can redesign the data based on death causes , we see that there are cases of disease and cancer , but not for everyone .
and if you go forward and say , i &apos;m going to say , i &apos;m going to say , &quot; i &apos;m going to see the age and six , &quot; and it turns out that accidents are actually the most worrying .
and if you go deeper , this is especially true for men .
you know that it &apos;s like swimming and data on the sea , just like swimming in a living sea .
and if we can do that for raw data , why do i do it also for content ?
what we see here is the cover of all the sports magazine magazine .
they &apos;re all here on the internet .
you can go home and try and try and find yourself .
you can go to the number of points with a ten-year details .
you can go to a certain year .
you can get a direct number .
i look at this , i look at these numbers of athletes , sports branches .
i &apos;m listening to motts armstrong , so that &apos;s why i &apos;m going to look at all the numbers that i &apos;m going to look at .
if i want to take a look at these , i can think , &quot; are you going to go to the numbers of bike climbing ? &quot;
one step goes back and i &apos;ll do it .
and now i see greg ryan .
you know , you &apos;re going to go and go and go and go and go and go further , and you &apos;re not going to go back , you &apos;re not going to go back .
you &apos;re actually doing something that &apos;s slightly different .
and we think it &apos;s something , and we think it &apos;s going to change the way it works .
i want to bring this idea to a conclusion , a bit crazy .
what we &apos;re doing here is we took all the wikipedia pages and we put it in a little kısaltmaya .
the acronym is composed of a little bit of a özetten , and what it comes from .
i &apos;m just showing you the most popular 500 page pages here .
but even with this limited image , we can do a lot of things .
suddenly , we can get an idea of what the most popular issues in wikipedia are .
i &apos;m going to go and ask the state about the state .
now , by choosing the state of state , i can see that the categories that are most relevant to this matter are the people of the year .
this is really important because it &apos;s a concept that doesn &apos;t have any wikipedia page on its own .
it &apos;s only possible to go back and see it all the way .
when i look at one of these specific details , time magazine can be accessible to the human quality of the year , and i can bring them together .
when i look at these people , i can see that the majority comes from state administration . some of them come from nature science . some of them come from the business community , and one of them comes from music . and one comes from music .
the interesting but singer bono is also the ted prize .
so we can go and go and see all the ted prize winners .
you see , it &apos;s just like the first time we &apos;ve got the internet , and it &apos;s not just like a ağmış , but we &apos;re working with a higher level of insight .
i want to show you something else that might surprise you .
here &apos;s the site of the new york times .
i don &apos;t mean that app , i don &apos;t mean a scanner , but it &apos;s not really a scanner , but you can download it with it -- and then we bring it to every website like this .
i can go back to a step , i can go back a certain part .
and the reason that this is important is that i can just take pages in this way , and i can take the pages in the same way .
i can look at what i do in certain times .
this part , in fact , is what i &apos;ve made .
and i can rotate the things that this morning looked at .
and if i go back and look at something , i can maybe put my history on the shelves , and i can look at it , and i &apos;ve been doing a search for my work with the computer and the studio lab .
and you can go to the web page , and i can do it again .
a lot of times , it &apos;s a mecaz metaphor , and it makes it bigger than all of its parts .
now , in this world , we see the data as a traitor .
we &apos;re talking about excessive information .
we &apos;re talking about drowning in the data .
so if we reverse this , and reverse the internet , we reverse the internet from something else , and when we start to see things other than anything else , how do we start to see things that are normally hidden ?
if we can do that , we can get out of these data between the data .
and we can only change information beyond dealing with information .
and if we get information , there are perhaps wisdom waiting to happen .
so , thank you .
i grew up with science .
when i was in school , i went to school -- every day i was on the road .
and i always put myself in a book , which brings me to a book that brings me to the other worlds , and through some of the doyumsuz stories .
so , this is curiosity , and when i was in the school , when i was in school , i went to the forest and walked , and i was walking , and i was doing the numune , and i looked at it , and i was looking at these things .
i was a full scientist .
but all of this is to understand the world , to understand the boundaries of possibilities .
and my enthusiasm to my science , like i was around me , was all around me , because in the late , we went to the moon , we were exploring the ocean .
jacques underwater , amazing programs , and we can go to our homes , we can &apos;t imagine the animal that we can imagine before , and the unseen world .
and that was kind of like the science of the work .
and i was an artist .
i was drawing , i could paint .
and i realized that the computer games , the private effects , and there were no visual materials in the media , so i could create these images in my mind .
every child who had to read the book , like every child who had to read , reflected the images of the writer in our minds .
so i started drawing alien creatures , robots and space ships .
when i was in the math class , i was caught in the background of the book .
so , creativity was looking for a place .
and interestingly , the programs of jacques russell believed that there was a different world in the world .
one day , i was going to go to a virtual world , and it didn &apos;t seem to be possible .
but it was a world that i could really go , and here , as i was in the world , i was as colorful as it was as colorful and different .
so i decided to become a diver , 15 years old .
and the only problem : i lived in a village in a village in a village of canada , 600 miles away .
but i didn &apos;t .
i ate the head of my father , and finally , in buffalo , new york , he found a dalgıçlık school right across the border .
and so i got the license , and the buffalo , new york , in the dead winter of new york .
and i saw a real ocean -- we &apos;re going to go to california .
since then , over the last 40 years , i &apos;ve spent about 3,000 hours underwater underwater . that &apos;s 500 hours .
and i learned that in deep waters , even shallow areas , there &apos;s a very rich life that we can &apos;t even imagine .
it doesn &apos;t recognise the imagination of nature ; it &apos;s the way we think of our madness .
i wonder what i &apos;m seeing today .
my love to the ocean is more than ever .
but i decided to do my career as a adult , as a grownup .
it was the best way to make a story , to create images .
when i was a kid , i was always drawing cartoons .
it &apos;s the process of combining movies and images , and it was very simple .
and the stories i prefer to tell you , of course , are fiction stories : the movie , manga and the heavens .
i was in cuba , and i was interested in underwater and diving .
i brought two passions together .
there was something interesting about apophis : we had to solve a problem in the story of that film , we created liquid , and we applied the computer animation .
and as a result , the first soft , bilgisayar character in the movie emerged .
and when the film didn &apos;t earn money , i had an amazing thing to do , even though the audience was in the face of magic .
well , you know , arthur clarke &apos;s law is not enough enough to get any technology .
they were seeing magical things .
and that was very excited .
&quot; wow ! that &apos;s really something that needs to be watched to film art ! &quot;
so , the next film , the next film , has been able to make more stage .
with art , we created the liquid metal kankayı in the movie , and our efficiency was in the equivalent of the limits that the effects were going to work .
and it worked . we did magic . we got the same results from audiences , and yet we got a little more money .
so , to draw a line between these two experiences , for film artists , for film artists , this is going to be a new world , a new world .
and i founded a company with randy winston , my close friend , frankie winston , at the time , the head of my head , and the guy &apos;s designer , the digital domain .
the concept of the firm is to pass the analog processes that have been made in the past , and will go into the dosdoğru digital production .
and so we did this , and it gave us a little bit of advantage in the competition .
but in the middle of the &apos; 90s , we have been isolated with the design of character and creature design , in fact this is the goal of forming the company .
so i wrote this eseri sculpture , and my goal was to go beyond the visual effects of visual effects , with the characters that were created in the ortamında environment , with characters that were created in the environment of the world .
but the paper was back to me , and they said that the elements were not possible to do anything like this .
i put it on the shelf , and i made another movie about the big ship .
you know , i went to the studio , and i said , &quot; romeo and juliet , &quot; i &apos;m selling movies like this . this is the epic love story .
what i wanted to do was to dive into the real depths of titanic .
so i actually did this film .
this is true ! the studio didn &apos;t know that .
i convinced them . they said , &quot; we &apos;re going to go to the g20 and we really will take the movie . &quot;
and we will use it at the opening of the film .
it &apos;s really important . it &apos;s going to be a great marketing cookie . &quot;
so i persuaded them to finance their journey .
it &apos;s crazy . but it &apos;s really about creating reality .
because i found myself looking at the real titanic in the north in six months , when i was looking at the idea of a russian submarine .
it wasn &apos;t the movie , it wasn &apos;t btv , it was real .
so that &apos;s what i did .
we had to do a lot of preparation , we set up cameras , we set up the lights and we did things similar .
but that &apos;s what these things , these deep things , are going to go to space .
you know , high-tech was used , and it was necessary to do incredible plans .
you &apos;re going to go up and you get the dark and hostile , you don &apos;t even have your chance to get saved .
i thought , &quot; wow , i live in a movie that i live in . &quot;
it was really cool .
the idea of deep ocean exploration was like a bug .
now , of course , there &apos;s a scientific aspect of the event , and there &apos;s all of it . it &apos;s a passion . it &apos;s fun .
and hollywood was an experience that was not going to be told to me .
i mean , i &apos;m a creature , and then you go and create a vir visual effects for him , but i can &apos;t imagine what i see here .
and i saw the creatures that had some hydrothermal mouth , and sometimes i saw things that i couldn &apos;t see as much as i saw , sometimes when i saw things that we saw , and i was seeing things that didn &apos;t seem to be scientifically defined .
so i was completely dead , and i did more .
and i can tell you that i &apos;m actually a curious choice .
after the success of titanic , &quot; all right , i &apos;m going to take my work in hollywood cinema a little bit , and i &apos;ll work as a full-time explorer . &quot;
and then we started planning these expeditions .
we went to antarctica to make the discovery of the robot with robotic tools .
we went back to the titanic of titanic .
we created small robots that were filling the fiber optic cord .
our goal was to go inside and look at the ship , which was never done before .
no one was in the rubble , because there were no tools to do that , we went to this technology , and we went to it .
and , you know , now , here &apos;s the ice shelf of titanic , sitting at an undersea , and i &apos;m going to look at the wood where the orchestra has played .
and i &apos;m flying through a little robot machine and i &apos;m flying in the hallway .
i say control , but i &apos;ve already been inside the robot .
i mean , physically , i feel like i &apos;m at titanic .
and this is the real dışı epidemic that i &apos;ve ever been living in , because i know what the car &apos;s lights are , and i know what &apos;s going on there before i was doing the film , because i was doing the film for months .
and the barrier was set up in the form of a replika ship .
so this was absolutely an extraordinary experience .
and this has enabled me to have these kinds of robotic robots that we &apos;ve created , and that &apos;s the way that consciousness can be carried into these devices , and that &apos;s the way it &apos;s going to happen .
in real sense , it was a really profound experience .
and also , as a scientist , i was a scientist , and after several decades , we had a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit , or a human being , to be able to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the world .
and then i started to understand the things that were down there , and , for example , in the deep ocean , like the deep ocean mouth , i saw the amazing , thrilling animals that were living on the earth .
they live in the ortamında environment .
they don &apos;t survive in systems like us in the sun .
and you see the animals that live in the forest of a bir water tank .
you think there &apos;s no way to exist .
at the same time , i started interested in space science , of course , the impact of science fiction , child or child .
and i was walking into the space community to actually contact with anyone from nasa , who was sitting in the nasa consulting assembly , doing real space missions , getting to russia , getting to russia , and getting all the similar things , and i wanted to do all the same things , and then take all the things that i would like to do .
and it was very fascinating .
but what i really wanted to do was to put these space scientists together with us .
and i &apos;m going to put them down on the bottom of these extreme environments that are interested in these extreme environments , and they can see the ağızları , and they &apos;re going to be able to do things like that .
and we started making movies , but we were actually doing science , and we actually did space science .
so i &apos;ve completely closed the ring , and you know , when i was a scientist , i was a kid , and i was really doing these things .
during this expedition , i learned a lot .
i learned a lot about science , but i actually learned to be a leader .
you think that the coach is a leader , like the captain of the ship , like this .
i realized that i really learned to be a leader ahead of these trips .
i was stuck in a sense , so , &quot; what &apos;s my job here ? &quot;
why do i do that ? what do i get from that ?
we don &apos;t make money from these films .
well , we &apos;re going to go to the head . there &apos;s no magic .
people thought i &apos;d like to put my bare arms on the coast in the process between my titanic and chuck .
i &apos;ve done all these movies for a very limited audience capacity .
the passion , victory , no money . what do you do ?
you &apos;re doing this for itself , challenge , and the most challenging reader in the ocean , especially in the most challenging public environment , where discovery and that small human community become a ekip team .
because we &apos;ve done all of these , and we &apos;ve worked together for years . we &apos;ve spent six months on the sea .
i realized that this was the most important thing that i felt against these people , and i felt that it was respect to me , you &apos;re doing a task , and you don &apos;t explain that .
when you get to the shore , you say , &quot; we have to do this , to make fiber optics and atenü , and that &apos;s what happens to the human performance of all of these things , like the human performance of the work , or in the fight against the people who are involved in the war .
it creates a bond , a respect of respect .
so when i go back to make the next film , which is the film , i tried to implement the same principles of leadership , so you have to respect your team , so you get their respect .
and that changed the dynamic .
and in a small team , i was doing chuck with a new technology that had never been developed before .
it &apos;s amazing .
it &apos;s amazing .
and we became a family in four and a half years .
and it completely changed how i did movies .
people have made comments about taking the ocean organisms and putting it on the planet .
i think it was more than being something that was based on doing business , and it was the way it was , as a result .
so what &apos;s all about that ?
you know , what are the lessons taken ?
i think there &apos;s a number of curiosity .
it &apos;s the most powerful thing you have .
it can create a power and reality .
and the respect of your team is much more important than any of the world on the planet .
young filmmakers come to me and say , &quot; can you give me a wish to do this ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; don &apos;t give yourself a limit .
it &apos;s going to do that for you already , don &apos;t do it yourself , don &apos;t do it yourself , you don &apos;t have to take risks , and take risks . &quot;
nasa ! i have a word that they loved -- no failure . &quot;
but failure has to be a opsiyon , in art and research , because it &apos;s a belief of belief .
and the important challenge that requires innovation is not being done without risk .
you &apos;re willing to get these risks .
that &apos;s the thought that i want to leave you with , what do you do , what do you do , a failure , but fear is not the option . thank you .
i &apos;m going to talk about energy and climate .
this may be a bit surprising because my work in my house is more and more of all the things that we need to convince them about the better lives and the other things that we need to convince them to live .
but the energy and climate are extremely important for these people , and it &apos;s more important for a lot of people on this planet .
it means that it &apos;s going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be a lot of rain or rain for years , so that it &apos;s going to be going to be a lot of rain or rain , and it &apos;s going to be changed in different ways .
that &apos;s going to lead to hunger . uncertainty and unrest .
so climate change will be terrible for them .
the price of energy is too important for them .
in fact , if you &apos;re just going to reduce the price of something to reduce poverty , you &apos;re definitely going to get energy .
the price of energy is gradually reduced .
indeed , advanced civilizations are due to developments in energy .
the industrial revolution triggered the industrial revolution , and we could even see a sudden drop in the price of electricity in the &apos; 80s , so we have our tools , our modern materials and many things .
and so , in the rich world , it &apos;s a wonderful thing .
but we &apos;re cutting electricity , and we &apos;re dealing with a new restriction , and we &apos;re faced with a whole new restriction of co2 .
carbon dioxide warming is actually clear , it &apos;s clear .
when you take co2 co2 , it causes a surge of temperature , and the temperature of temperature causes a lot of negative effects , and these impacts on air conditions are going to result in rapid changes , and so the ecosystem impacts are just as fast as possible .
the exact amount of the value of a certain co2 increase is not very precise , but it &apos;s not very much as much as positive returns .
the uncertainty of how bad these effects will be .
i &apos;ve asked a lot of people at the top of the top , which is , do we really need to go close to the nearby ?
so are we in the middle or a quarter ?
and the answer is , we &apos;re going to continue to rise until we &apos;re approaching zero .
that &apos;s a big problem .
we &apos;re going to go from the bottom of a kamyonun truck to the bottom of a köprünün bridge , and let &apos;s get a little bit of a different thing .
it &apos;s something that has to fall to zero .
we &apos;re adding 26 billion tons of carbon every year .
this is about 20 tons of poor people in the u.s.
it &apos;s about 40 tons on the planet .
and somehow we have to make a change in zero .
the amount of density is constantly rising .
we only have a variety of economic changes , so we need to go down to zero , so we have to go down to zero .
the four components of this equation have a little bit of equation , which is a little bit of a çarpım , which is the average energy that you want to reduce every single person in the number of people that you want to reduce the average energy supply and every single energy unit .
now let &apos;s look at the one , and let &apos;s see how we &apos;re going to zero .
probably , one of these numbers will have to be very close to zero .
i &apos;m not staying in high school , but look at it .
there &apos;s a population first .
there are about 3.4 billion people in the world today .
and there &apos;s nine billion ways of this .
if we &apos;re going to go very well on vaccines , and health care care and health care care , we can perhaps shrink it by about 10 percent , but we see a 1.3 million increase here .
the second component is the services we use .
these services take everything inside , eat the food we eat , the clothes we &apos;re playing .
these are very beautiful things , and to eradicate poverty , it means that all these services are available to everybody around the world .
it &apos;s a great environment to increase this component .
one billion people in the rich world can maybe make restrictions , and even fewer uses this year , and it &apos;s going to increase the number of services per person .
there &apos;s a very basic service here . do you have your eyes to read your homework ?
these kids are really not really , so they &apos;re going out and reads their homework under the street lights .
the efficiency , the energy spent for the e , at the end of the time , we came to good news .
there &apos;s an increasing component .
various types of inventions , and with new enlightenment methods , have a lot of services and a lot of services that can be used in a way that can change the energy of different buildings and different buildings .
some individual services even reduce the 90 per cent .
and then we have a lot of gübreleme , such as air transport , which is very narrow .
in general , if we &apos;re optimistic , we can probably have five times as much of it .
but now we &apos;ve gone from 26 billion to 13 billion pounds for the first three components , and it &apos;s not enough .
so if we look at this fourth component , this is a key role , which is co2 emissions from each energy element .
so the question is : can you actually get to zero ?
if you get the coal , no .
if you take natural gas , no .
it &apos;s almost all the way we produce electricity today , and it &apos;s almost all about the renewables and the nuclear , co2 .
so this is why we need to create a new system that we need to do globally .
we need the energy miracle .
it doesn &apos;t mean that i use the word miracle , it doesn &apos;t mean it &apos;s impossible .
the processor is a miracle . it &apos;s a personal computer .
the internet and services are always miracles .
people have contributed to the creation of many of the lives .
you have to have a final deadline when you have to do a miracle in a certain history .
usually you &apos;re in the waiting , and some of the miracles come in .
so that &apos;s a situation that we need to move ahead with , and we should do it in a very sıkışık time .
now i thought , how should i explain this ?
do you have a kind of kind of graffiti to get people out here ?
a year ago i brought mosquitoes in me , and this one somehow went to people .
and i &apos;ve brought the idea of the idea that people who live with mosquitos , people who live with mosquitos .
it &apos;s all about energy .
so i decided that i was going to take the scientists in this this year , that i &apos;ve been involved in the environment .
here we have some natural species .
they were told that they didn &apos;t care about me , and they were probably not going to leave the glass .
there &apos;s a lot of other kinds of kinds of kinds of hileli that we have , but unfortunately they don &apos;t do a lot .
and even though there &apos;s a tremendous amount of güvenilirlikte and a lot of ways that people investigate , i see that only six of them can reach large numbers .
i &apos;ve made the wave , the geothermal fusion and the fuels .
and they could have some contributions . if i expected it , it could be even more , but the key thing here is that we have to work on the top of the factory , and it looks scary , and it looks scary .
let &apos;s look at fossil fuels like coal or gas , and look at it .
what you have to do here is , it seems like it &apos;s easy , but it &apos;s not going to be a liquid liquid , and it &apos;s going to be able to put it under pressure and make it happen .
it &apos;s about 60-80 percent of our success , but it &apos;s not easy to get 100 percent , but if you think about where you &apos;re going to be able to get all co2 , it &apos;s the biggest problem here .
who will be sure ?
who can give a full amount of something from nuclear or other kinds of stuff to a nuclear or something else ?
that &apos;s a huge amount of it .
so it &apos;s too hard .
it will be the next nuclear .
but there are three big problems that are going to be high , especially in countries where the cost is very , especially in the countries where the security problem is going to be used , and the problem is that we &apos;re not going to be used to make sure that we &apos;re not going to be used for weapons .
so what are you going to do with waste ?
although the waste isn &apos;t big , concerns are too much .
people need to feel about it .
it &apos;s because there are three very difficult problems that are going to be solved .
i assembled the last three of this charter .
these are more renewable sources .
it &apos;s great to have fuel , but there are some drawbacks .
for example , the intensity of energy from these technologies is less than a power of energy .
this energy means that it means thousands of square meters of square space , which is a normal energy plant .
also , these are kesintili resources .
the sun doesn &apos;t look all day , and it doesn &apos;t look every day . it doesn &apos;t sound like that every day .
so if you &apos;re dependent on these resources , you have to find a way to get energy in the current time .
there &apos;s a lot of problems . we have problems , like the cvm energy source , for example , you don &apos;t need the only technology , but you have to deal with the risk of energy coming from other places .
and finally , the storage problem .
so i &apos;ve been going to go and see if i can go and see all of the cells that we &apos;ve been doing so far , when we &apos;re going to use all the cells , cars , fenerler , everything that &apos;s done , and i &apos;ve seen that all the cells that we &apos;re doing right now are less than 10 minutes of electricity .
we need a great opportunity here , and we &apos;re now 100 times better than our current approach .
it &apos;s not impossible , but it &apos;s not very easy .
when you want to be more than 30 percent of you , it comes out of the net .
if you &apos;re 100 percent dependent on energy , then you need a miraculous battery .
now we &apos;ll go with this : what is the right approach ?
is this a manhattan project ? what &apos;s going to lead us forward ?
we need the company to work on this .
we need hundreds of people in each of these ways .
many of them are looking at the crazy people . that &apos;s good .
and i think we &apos;ve got a lot of people who are going to see this in the ted group .
well , bill gross &apos;s many companies have these kinds of maps of the sun thermal technologies .
murray benedict is investing in companies that are doing great jobs , and i &apos;m going to support it .
nathan myhrvold and i , maybe it &apos;s going to be surprising , but we support a company that chooses nuclear approach .
there are some projects in nuclear , modular and liquid .
and for a long time , these industries have stopped in this industry so it &apos;s not very surprising that there are some beautiful ideas around it .
so , for example , the idea was that the idea was that we decided to burn the 49 percent of the gdp , not the 49 percent of the u.s.
this is actually crazy .
even people talk about it for a long time , but it &apos;s a proper simulation to see if it works , but now we can do this simulation , and we &apos;ve seen that it &apos;s going to work with the right material approach .
it has been a huge improvement in the cost of the 99 % .
in fact , you can look at waste , and you can see all the waste of the current reactors as fuel .
so , instead of worrying about this , it &apos;s just look at it . it &apos;s great .
it &apos;s going down the way down , and it &apos;s just like a candle .
so here you can see a piece called the dalga reactor .
in terms of fuel , the problem is resolved .
here &apos;s the picture of a place in kentucky .
so that &apos;s 40 percent now , so they &apos;ve got the part of the uranyum uranium .
the united states could be given hundreds of years of energy .
and you can only have a cheap process with the sea , and you can have enough fuel on the rest of this planet .
you know , there are many obstacles in front of this , but it &apos;s only one of the hundreds of ideas that we need to move forward .
so how do we measure ourselves ?
what does our history look like ?
we &apos;re really going to get to the point that we need to be , and then look at the ürüne product .
so for 2050 , you heard a lot of people talked about that 80 percent reduction .
it &apos;s really important that we can get to this point .
the remaining 20 percent are used in poorer countries , and i hope we &apos;re still in the agricultural case , and we have a factory .
the developed countries , including china , to reach 80 % , have to change their electricity production together .
another phase , we &apos;re starting to implement this zero -- do we have to implement all of the developed countries ? and we have implemented this technology in all the developed countries ?
this is extremely important .
that &apos;s the key to creating that pile .
well , what does the sales of 2020 look like ?
again , they have to have 40 .
we have to review the efficiency measures in order to get to decline , and we &apos;re going to be able to see how little we do , so that &apos;s the size of co2 , so the temperature is less .
but sometimes what happens when it comes to this phase is to do things that don &apos;t make a lot of big increases , or it &apos;s a little bit more precise or less , and that &apos;s a part of all these things .
we need to get full gas in these advances , and we need to be able to measure the companies in terms of pilot projects and legal regulations .
there &apos;s a lot of wonderful books written about this .
al gore &apos;s book , &quot; our choice &quot; and david clarke &apos;s book &quot; without hot air &quot; and the book of david clarke .
these books look at the issue very nicely and create a draft , and it &apos;s a very broad framework , because we need a solid foundation .
there &apos;s a lot to bring together .
so this is a wish .
it &apos;s a very concrete wish to invent technology .
if i could ask me to be the president for the next 50 years , i would have asked who would chair a vaccine , which i would love , and i would just like to say , &quot; oh , you and half the cost of co2 . &quot;
this is the wish that is the biggest effect .
if that wish to happen , the distinction between the people who think about the short-term and long term is going to be terrible , between the poor countries and the rich countries and the rich countries that are going to be worse , and most of them will be worse .
so what do we have to do ?
what is the thing i &apos;m talking to you about and moving forward ?
we need to create more funds for research .
in places like copenhagen , the countries are not only discussing co2 .
if you don &apos;t hear the budget agenda , you &apos;re horrified that you &apos;re not going to have a low budget on the tartışmalılar .
we need incentives in the market . we need something that will give the co2 taxes , the ceiling and the trade price .
we need to pull the message out .
we have to make this dialogue more rational , and we have to take into account the steps taken by the state .
this is an important wish , but it &apos;s a wish that i think we can get .
thank you .
...
thank you . thank you .
so , thank you . now , i &apos;m a bit more like nasa . i mean , i mean , how much investment is going to be an idea ?
we have to keep the best scientists with the best scientists to make software , which is , in fact , that we &apos;ve done a lot of millions of millions of dollars in a russian reactor to make sure that we &apos;re going to use our materials at once .
we can build a reactor that &apos;s difficult to build a reactor , find the atm , find the ground , find the first reactor .
if you build the first one , if you work like it , it &apos;s not obvious , because the economy is very different from what we know about energy density .
and then , in the right to understand that , it &apos;s not that it &apos;s going to be , right , it &apos;s a nuclear fuel pyramid that &apos;s going down the bottom of the earth , and it &apos;s going to go down the floor , and then it &apos;s going to go down .
it &apos;s true . today , you &apos;re going to go back to the reactor , so there &apos;s a lot of people and control that can cause a mistake , and that &apos;s not good , and that &apos;s not good .
so if you have a cheap carbon that can be put inside the reactor , you can think of it as a block , instead of a block , and save all the mess .
that block sits there and it goes after 60 years .
this is a nuclear power plant that makes a waste of waste .
yeah . i mean , you can put it in the ring , which is a lot less waste , and then you can put it in a lot of waste and you can put it in another person .
we &apos;re actually taking this kind of waste that &apos;s already happening today , or in the dry water of the reactors , and those are our initial fuels .
and the problem for those things is that they &apos;re trying to feed a lot of bzimkileri , and in this process , you cut the amount of waste in a very serious way .
you &apos;re talking about these probabilities around the world .
what does it mean to do something most ?
well , in fact , a particular area of course has some interesting rules of things that are called a nuclear ifşaat rules , so we &apos;re seeing a lot of attention in the company , and they &apos;ve made a conversation with the energy minister , and i told him how to talk about energy .
so i &apos;m optimistic . you know , french and japanese have done some studies .
it &apos;s a variable on something done earlier .
this is an important breakthrough , but it &apos;s a quick reactor , and it &apos;s a very fast reactor , and the first one is that any one who is doing a quick reactor is the first to build .
what is the time for you to think of something like that ?
we need a lot of ölçekli , electronic production , a very cheap 20 years , and the time for a 20-year practice .
it &apos;s kind of like the target date that we put in the environment .
and you know , if everything goes on well , it &apos;s going to be a lot , it can do it .
now there are dozens of companies that have a lot of companies that are going to be able to get funds for the pilot facilities if they &apos;re good at science studies .
if most of them succeed , it &apos;s best , because you can use their blend .
we need someone to succeed .
what is the biggest thing that you know is the biggest possible game change ?
a energy boom is the most important thing .
without environmental constraints , it would be the most important , but environmental constraints make it much bigger .
there are other innovators in nuclear field .
we don &apos;t know the work of them as well as we know , but the modular people , this is a different approach .
this is a reaktör reactor , a little bit challenging , but maybe it looks like this for us .
and there are different ones , but the good thing about this is that a uranium molecule has more than a million times as much energy as a coal spill , so it &apos;s actually radiation , it &apos;s radiation , and it &apos;s in a classroom , in terms of the impact on radiation , land and different things .
so , what &apos;s going to happen ?
do we need to start taking emergency situations to keep the earth temperature stable ?
so if you go to that situation , it &apos;s like having a lot of food , and it &apos;s like , you know , when you get a heart attack , then what do you need ?
it &apos;s going to take us in a place called the engineering , and they &apos;re going to give us a different range of techniques to get us to be able to pull ourselves up for 30 years .
this is just a insurance insurance .
i hope we don &apos;t have to do that .
some people have to work on insurance insurance , say , &quot; because if you believe that it can save you , you will continue to eat your heart .
i don &apos;t think it &apos;s very much of the problem , but now this is the engineering debate , if things are going fast , if things are going fast , or it &apos;s going to go slower than we expect .
how would you convince them that if you were in the sentence -- the sentence was wrong ?
unfortunately , skeptics come from different ways .
they &apos;re very little in scientific arguments .
do they say , do they have negative feedback effects of the clouds ?
there are so little things that they can say that each one has only a million chance .
this is our real star .
you do the mistake now , but you &apos;re going to do it very soon .
and if you have all these emergency problems , you &apos;re already suffering to the pain for the next gain , an uncertain suffering , and in fact , in a lot of people in the rich world , let &apos;s say , let &apos;s say that this is not very important .
the truth is that that &apos;s the way that you have to take the part of that .
but my dream is , if you &apos;re in the economic context and the co2 emissions of co2 , then they say , &quot; well , i don &apos;t think i &apos;m going to do it , but i don &apos;t think it &apos;s much cheaper than i do , but i don &apos;t think it &apos;s much cheaper than i do .
and then , when the applause is , that &apos;s going to happen , and that &apos;s what he said , and that &apos;s what we &apos;re going to do when you actually spend all the energy in the world , when you &apos;re going to get the world out of poverty .
the real spending for the united states is that the united states spends 10 billion dollars a year . it &apos;s not so dramatic .
you don &apos;t have to be playing other things .
and if you &apos;re trying to find a lot of informal economic and fund , and you &apos;re trying to find a lot of money , there &apos;s a lot of people who agree with that .
if you &apos;re not very close , and you don &apos;t want learning , you &apos;re not going to be much more expensive , and i think we &apos;re going to have to be much less expensive .
if you &apos;re going to go to this business point , let &apos;s make the energy a lot of energy , so that &apos;s the power of the rich .
i say we &apos;re all going to spend a lot of money on the way we can change our lives .
the disaster is about 2 billion people .
even bilbao has changed .
now , the moment the moment is , why is it more controversial ?
and he was still skeptical about his previous job , but he realized that the skeptics had a pretty lonely team , so now he &apos;s got a lot of this .
there &apos;s a strand that we think is there .
it &apos;s too crazy to get a lot of fund .
bill , i think most people here i &apos;m talking to you about the sake of a lot of people . thank you very much .
thank you .
a few years ago , at ted , there &apos;s a design problem called a design problem called peter wright .
the idea is very simple . the four groups will build the yapıyı of spaghetti cards , a metre bant and ip and ip and ip .
it should be the lokum .
but it &apos;s very simple , it &apos;s really hard , because it &apos;s very difficult to collaborate very quickly .
so i thought this was an interesting idea , and i included it into a design workshop .
it made tremendous success .
and since then , students in the world , designers , architects , even at the fortune of 50 design workshops , and i &apos;d like to share some of these very deep lessons about the nature of this alıştırmada collaboration , and i want to share some of these with you .
normally , most people start to hire themselves .
they talk about it , they &apos;re going to figure out how to look at them , they try to get power in the group .
and then the planning , the organization is spending a little time for the organization , and they put the spaghetti on their heads .
they &apos;re going to bring up the çubukları of their time .
and then , at the end , when it &apos;s lost , someone pulls the nectar and then put it in the top , and then they put it back , and then they go back and they get excited .
but what happens is that , in fact , the &apos; 80s becomes &apos; the &apos; 80s , because the weight of the whole whole structure causes the whole structure to be removed .
so there &apos;s a group of people who live more than others , and the business faculty is among the worst .
lying , cheating , cheating , dağılır , and they &apos;re really creating yapılar structures .
and of course there are teams who have more &apos; structures &apos; , and among the best , there are new graduates from kindergarten .
and that &apos;s pretty surprising .
as peter said , they don &apos;t just want to do the highest structures , they build interesting structures .
so the question that you want to ask is : how does it happen ? what is it about them ?
and peter wants to say , &quot; none of the kids are the spaghetti industry . &quot; right ?
they don &apos;t make tricks to win power .
but there &apos;s another reason .
and why is this -- business students are trained to find a single right plan , right ?
and then they follow that .
and then what happens is , when they &apos;re at the top , they don &apos;t have time , and then what happens ?
a crisis .
did it sound familiar ? right .
the school students are doing different things , starting with soap and building prototypes , prototipler prototypes , lokumu prototypes , so they have a lot of time to fix the bad ones .
the designers thus accepted such co-operation as the essence of the process .
and every browser , kids , they got feedback about what they were working with .
so the capacity to play a prototype is really necessary , but let &apos;s look at how different teams play .
for most people , the average value for the business is about half the size of the business , but it &apos;s not much better , but it &apos;s not much better than that , the kids , the kids , many adults .
who are those who do the best ?
architects and engineers , thank god .
it &apos;s the longest structure i &apos;ve ever seen .
and why is that ? because they &apos;re understanding the triangles , and it &apos;s key to building models that support themselves .
ceos are a little better than the average , but it &apos;s where it starts to be interesting .
if you put an administrator in the team , they &apos;re more meaningful .
it &apos;s incredible . you know , it &apos;s looking around and says , &quot; oh , this team will win . &quot;
you know . you &apos;ve heard earlier . and why is it ?
because they have an ability to change their case .
they manage the process , they understand the process .
and it &apos;s going to increase the performance of a team that takes care of the work , and it &apos;s going to increase the performance of the team .
the sophisticated skills and editing skills , and it takes a strong success .
if you have 10 teams that play typical , maybe you will have to stand up like six .
and i tried something interesting .
i thought , well , let &apos;s raise it .
so i proposed a $ 10,000 software prize worth the winning team .
what happens to this design students ?
what happened ?
and here &apos;s what it was . a single team was not able to build a structure .
if any , let &apos;s say it was a inç structure , it could take the prize home .
so , isn &apos;t it interesting that the high probability has strong influence ?
we did the work with the same students .
so what happened ?
so they understood the value of making the prototype .
so the same team has become one of the worst things .
they built the highest structures in the shortest time .
so there are deep lessons in the nature of incentives and success .
you can think , why is it that anyone actually takes time to write a lokum ?
i &apos;m helping to create digital tools and processes to create a digital digital and visual effects for teams , video games and visual effects .
what it does is to help describe the secret assumptions .
because frankly , every project has its own lokumu , right ?
the fight gives a common experience , a common gesture to build a common language , the right prototype .
and here &apos;s the value of this experience , that &apos;s the value of the very simple practice .
they can visit the ross address .
it &apos;s a blog you can see how you can build the pollen .
here &apos;s the step there .
there are some crazy examples of how people from all over the world make a look .
there are world records .
and the basic lesson , i believe , is that it &apos;s actually a design of design .
it requires us to carry all our senses , and we need to use our ideas to do our best , our emotions and our minds .
sometimes it &apos;s what it &apos;s going to allow us to go to the moment of a little prototype of this experience .
and that makes a big difference .
thank you very much .
let &apos;s imagine that we have a machine .
a big machine , a süper machine , and let &apos;s say it &apos;s a time machine .
let &apos;s say that everyone in this room is supposed to enter this machine .
you can go back in time , or you can go forward , but you can &apos;t .
i &apos;m curious about what you &apos;re going to pick up , because i &apos;ve asked my friends recently a question that i &apos;ve asked you , and they all want to go back .
i don &apos;t know . they all want to return to the time when the cars , twitter or &quot; american idol &quot; contest .
i don &apos;t know .
i &apos;ve been convinced that it &apos;s a right direction .
i understand that .
but i should say that i &apos;m not part of the majority .
i don &apos;t want to go back , not the adventurous .
because of the possibilities on this planet , they go back , they go forward .
so i want to go to that machine and go forward .
how do you look at the best time that ever has ever come to this planet , how you measure it : health , money , mobility , opportunities , declining disease rates .
it never happened .
all the great grandmother and my grandparents were dying , they died 60 years old .
my grandmother and his grandmother took this figure in 40 .
my parents are 80 .
i think it &apos;s going to be good if there &apos;s nine numbers at the beginning of the age of age .
but it &apos;s not just people like us , it &apos;s much more important than that .
today , a child born in new delhi is expected to live in the world &apos;s richest man as far as 100 years ago .
it &apos;s a thought . it &apos;s an incredible thing .
why is that ?
smallpox . cicek killed billions of people on this planet .
it changed the population of the planet as it did not .
but no longer . it disappeared .
we destroy it . puf !
in the rich world , a generation of diseases that threaten millions of years ago has disappeared .
infection , tuberculosis , polio ...
do you know what these are ?
vaccines , our ability to feed modern medicine , billions of people , these are the victories of scientific method .
to me , the scientific method is to see things , to see if it works , to change the most of the best of the human being .
that was the good news .
unfortunately , the only good news is because there are other problems , and there are many times to them .
one of these is , despite all our successes , every day in this world , every day , a billion people are hungry .
this number is increasing , even an embarrassing rate of shame .
it &apos;s not just that , we used our imagination to throw our imagination into this world .
it &apos;s possible that the water , land , rainforests , oil goes off , and they &apos;re disappearing very quickly , and we &apos;re not going to disappear .
here &apos;s the question : can we do that ? i think we can .
it &apos;s a fact that we can use billions of people to destroy the land they &apos;re sitting on .
it &apos;s possible that we can use this world with energy .
i really believe that , no , that &apos;s not my dream .
but there &apos;s something that doesn &apos;t get me in the night , so one of the things that doesn &apos;t sleep in the night is that there &apos;s no need for this day , we didn &apos;t need to move forward .
and we never had better science in order to make science appropriate .
it &apos;s amazing , in many areas , we &apos;re going to have incredible events , but i think we &apos;re actually going to look back at the back of the past 300 years , so that we &apos;re more strongly opposed to the development of the universe than ever before .
people mix themselves up with their beliefs , so you release them .
they don &apos;t even want to leave them free .
see , everybody has a own idea , and they &apos;re free , about innovation , about innovation .
but do you know what you &apos;re going to do ?
you don &apos;t have freedom to have your own reality . i &apos;m sorry .
it took me a while to understand that .
ten years ago , i wrote a paper about vaccines in the new yorker magazine , &quot; the new yorker . &quot;
and i was surprised when i met the opposition , and the most effective in human history is the opposition for the health implementation .
i didn &apos;t know what i was going to do . i was always doing it , i wrote it , and life continued .
shortly after that , i wrote a paper about genetically modified products .
it &apos;s the same thing , but it &apos;s even stronger .
people went crazy .
so i wrote a story about that , and i didn &apos;t understand why people would see these foods as &quot; gharial food , &quot; but not just to intervene in a special order , but why should it interfere with nature ?
but you know , my job is that i &apos;m going to go on and go on .
i mean , i &apos;m a journalist .
it &apos;s written , it &apos;s recording and we get to dinner . it &apos;s all .
but these events disturbed me , i didn &apos;t understand why , but then i understood .
because these are those of these myths that were coming out of me .
the thoughtful , educated , proper people .
they were like people in this room .
so , it made me very uncomfortable .
but then i thought , you know , let &apos;s be honest .
we have a position in the world that now is not the relationship with &quot; progress &quot; .
we &apos;re talking in a very şekilde way .
and when we talk about it , we &apos;re going to put it in a alaycı way : &quot; progress &quot; .
ok , we have some reasons for this , and i think we know these reasons .
we &apos;ve lost our confidence in institutional structures , we have our trust in authority , even also against science , and there &apos;s no reason why there &apos;s no reason .
it &apos;s enough to make a number of names , people will .
chernobyl , kerala , the apollo , the mass destruction weapons , the ballot boxes .
so , you know , the list is long .
there &apos;s always a question about people and problems that we think is right and right , and then be skeptical .
ask questions , you want evidence .
don &apos;t accept anything like that .
but the thing is : if you see evidence , you have to accept these evidence , and we &apos;re not very good at doing that .
this is why i &apos;m going to say that we &apos;re facing a pandemic of fear that we &apos;ve never seen before , and we &apos;re not going to be able to get even more .
it was published about 12 years ago , a terrible article , an article that linked autism to hiv , flu , flu , disease .
it &apos;s very frightening .
there were tons of work to understand whether this was true .
well , there were tons of work , and it &apos;s a very serious event .
the data came .
the united states from the united states , from the u.k. , from sweden , from canada , the data came from canada , and there was no connection , no connection , no connection .
but it doesn &apos;t matter , it doesn &apos;t matter , because we believe in individual events , we believe what we &apos;re seeing , what we see .
we do not believe the data from a state official , and i can understand that , i think we all understand .
but you know what ?
the consequences were disastrous .
it &apos;s a catastrophe . here &apos;s a data : the united states is the only country in the world where the epidemic rate is increasingly reduced .
this is embarrassing , and we should have to have to remind ourselves .
this is horrible .
how did it happen ?
now i can understand . i really understand it .
is there any kabakulak ?
did anyone have heard of the one who died from the mouth ?
it &apos;s not uncommon .
it &apos;s not a lot in this country , but it happened last year in the world .
there are many deaths attached to tamiflu , 20 people .
but what we can do is we can put it on the rise of our minds , and people like jenny radcliffe can go and get messages about fear and fear , like oprah and larry luther live .
they can do that because they don &apos;t have a correlation in relation to the outcome .
they don &apos;t have the same , but they don &apos;t have two different concepts . they &apos;re not always the same .
and this is one of the things that we need to learn quickly .
this guy you see is a hero , jonas salk .
he saved us from one of the greatest mysteries of humanity .
you don &apos;t have pain , you don &apos;t have the pain , you don &apos;t have polio .
the guy in the middle is not so big .
it &apos;s called paul offit .
a group of people developed hepatitis vaccine together .
it saves the lives of 13 children in the developing world every year .
isn &apos;t it pretty good ?
it &apos;s pretty good , a little bit of detail , and it tells paul about how valuable the vaccines are and how valuable they are .
it &apos;s like that .
so paul is a terrorist .
it can &apos;t do it anywhere without armed guards , without a public conversation .
it &apos;s coming home because people like to say , &quot; we know what school is going on . &quot;
so why ?
needless to say that , but vaccines are important .
take them back , the disease will come back , terrible diseases , that &apos;s happening now .
we now have a kabakulak epidemic .
it &apos;s getting worse , it &apos;s going to be a lot of kids , and they &apos;re all going to die .
they &apos;re not just going to die .
what about polio ? let &apos;s start it . why not ?
a university friend wrote to me a few weeks ago , wrote the letter , saying i had a lot of confusion .
he had never said that before .
it &apos;s not going to do polio vaccine . it &apos;s absolutely .
okay .
why ? because we now have polio . but you know , you know .
we have no child polio in our society .
this is a guy who &apos;s going to come from lagos , to a man who &apos;s going to come from lagos and in a few hours in the morning , and a few hours in los angeles .
it &apos;s going to go to the airport ; it &apos;s going to go from a long beach to long beach , and that &apos;s one of the famous ted dishes tonight .
she doesn &apos;t know if she &apos;s going to be polio . we &apos;re not going to be , because the world is doing things like this .
this is the planet that we live in , not like that .
now , we love ourselves with the facts , and we love it . we love it .
did everyone buy their cholesterol this morning ?
the eucom brings you a little bit of toxin .
i know you &apos;re going to get it , because half of us do this every day .
they get these alternative drugs every morning , and it doesn &apos;t matter how often they don &apos;t work .
the data says it every time .
they just watch the color of your ears . they don &apos;t have any other job .
okay , so you want to pay 28 billion dollars for idrar urine .
i support you .
dark urine , dark .
why do we do that ? why do we do that ?
okay , i think i think , we hate the big pharmaceuticals .
we hate the deep state . we don &apos;t trust people .
and we don &apos;t care . health care is terrible .
it hurts millions of people .
she &apos;s also bad for him , and she &apos;s laughing .
so we &apos;re running out of it , but where is it right ?
it &apos;s true to the big placebo .
this is amazing . i love the big plaseboyu .
but you know , this is a serious issue because that support is just a piece of paper , and we spend billions of dollars on them .
i brought some examples here .
i don &apos;t know if all the mushrooms , the düzmece , the betrayal , the açai , that &apos;s what it is , but then we spend billions of dollars on it , which is outrageous .
you know , when i say that , people call me crying , and they say , &quot; what &apos;s going on to you ? &quot;
how do they feel good ? &quot;
but you know what ? it &apos;s not .
because i &apos;m not going to see a difference between the health care directorate and the director of the health care department , &quot; i &apos;m not going to take into account the view that my experts are talking about . &quot;
you can find yourself at some point where you don &apos;t want to replace yourself , if there are evidence and beliefs , evidence and science .
for example , south africa president barack samaras .
it caused the deaths of 400,000 citizens , because the wheat root , sour and lemon juice have been more effective than we know that aids has slowed the direction of aids .
there were hundreds of meaningless deaths in a country that was most affected by this disease .
so don &apos;t tell me that there &apos;s no harm of this kind of stuff .
because there &apos;s the damage , always there .
one of the most irrational outbreaks nowadays is that this is the kind of outrageous fight between the biologists and the chemist , who is the organikçi of the genetically modified product .
it &apos;s a ridiculous argument . it &apos;s okay .
it &apos;s a debate about words . it &apos;s about simplicity .
an ideology debate is not about science .
everything that we all eat , each rice of rice is already altered by the human being , and every single one in brussels is already altered by human beings .
you know , there were no satsuma in the garden of eden .
there was no kavunu .
there was no christmas tree . we did all .
we &apos;ve done all over the last 1,000 years .
some worked , some didn &apos;t work .
we put it in the trash .
now we can do this in a much more sensitive way , and of course there are risks , but for example , we can help millions of people , like a vitamin , and we can help millions of people .
do you want to do that ?
i have to say that i don &apos;t understand that .
we &apos;re against genetically modified products .
why do we do that ?
what i often hear often about is that i don &apos;t want a lot of kimsayasal , huge logging trees , that &apos;s wrong .
we don &apos;t want companies that are putting life under patent .
we don &apos;t want companies that are holding the seeds under monopoly .
do you know what these views are ?
yeah , you know . let &apos;s try this .
yes , we have a very big food problem , but it &apos;s not about science .
it has nothing to do with science .
it &apos;s about these laws , it &apos;s about ethics .
you know , science is not a company .
it &apos;s not a country .
it &apos;s not an idea ; science is a process .
it &apos;s a process that sometimes , sometimes good work doesn &apos;t function sometimes , but the idea of allowing science to do the job of science is a very frustrating idea , and it prevents millions of people .
you know , we have to grow 40 percent more products in the next 50 years , and we have to grow up to five percent .
this is the recent investment in africa .
shame is embarrassing . it &apos;s embarrassing .
they need this , and we don &apos;t give them this .
why ? genetically modified products .
we don &apos;t want to educate them about eating food .
for example , jerry . it &apos;s something like potato .
half a billion people eat it .
it &apos;s just calories . it &apos;s terrible .
food value is low , not protein , and scientists are now struggling to add them to indiana .
so people can eat , and they can protect them from the epidemic .
they die , and you know ?
it &apos;s going to be pretty good . it &apos;s not as much as we don &apos;t eat , but it &apos;s good .
what i can tell you about is why do we fight this ?
so , let &apos;s ask ourselves : why do we fight that ?
because we don &apos;t want to change genes .
it &apos;s about changing these genes , not about chemicals .
it &apos;s also not about the incredible amount of kindness that &apos;s about hormones , and it &apos;s not about us , it &apos;s all about us .
it doesn &apos;t have to do with rice . it &apos;s about keeping people alive , and we start to understand what it means .
because you know what ?
if we don &apos;t do that , we &apos;re going to be responsible for the fact that we &apos;re going to be responsible for being responsible for what we &apos;re going to do , and we &apos;re going to be responsible for what we &apos;re going to do with our technology .
there &apos;s no other way to explain what &apos;s happening here .
this is selfish and ugly . we don &apos;t care , and we should stop it .
now , after that incredibly entertaining talk , you might say , &quot; well , you know , you &apos;re still going to go to the future machine ? &quot;
absolutely . i certainly want .
now , now , it &apos;s stuck , but there are amazing opportunities ahead .
we can change the machine that we want .
we can go to where we want , and we can do it when we do .
but we have to do this kind of talk , we need to think , but when we go to the machine machine , we &apos;ll know that we &apos;re going to do that .
i know we can do that , and what i see is what the world needs now .
thank you .
i &apos;ve been interested in a period of placebo , as i looked at , as i looked at , as i was looking at a person , a little bit weird , looking at a little bit like a magician .
in other words , there &apos;s a measurable impact on various studies of the sugar market , the placebo effect , the impact of the placebo , because it feels that the people who use the placebo , or the kişi , have a bir effect , which is called placebo effect .
it &apos;s true to the fact that the person &apos;s perception is real .
i &apos;m going to start with a basic and very easy magic trick to understand each other .
and i &apos;m going to show you how it &apos;s done . this number has been found in the 1950s books .
in the 1970s , i learned that from the mcc character .
i &apos;m going to show you first , then i &apos;ll explain .
and then i &apos;m going to explain why i &apos;m thinking .
this is the trick .
you can study the knife , you can study , you can study it .
i &apos;m just going to keep the knife in this way .
i &apos;m going to pull the arm back a little bit .
and i &apos;m going to take my leg right here to show you what &apos;s going on .
so you can see that nothing is going on , as long as i &apos;m walking down , or nothing .
the goal is quite simple .
i &apos;m going to open my hand , and i hope it &apos;s a problem , it &apos;s pure wilderness .
it &apos;s actually so robust there , and i can put my hand up .
there &apos;s nothing going down in my arm or up there , there &apos;s no number . you can control everything .
oh !
this is a number of little kids who are interested in the magic , because you can learn very important things about it , and you can learn a very simple number of things .
most of you probably know this trick .
it &apos;s how it &apos;s done .
i keep the knife .
i say i &apos;m going to know if i &apos;m going to go down or down , and i &apos;m going to get a little bit of nothing .
the reason i keep my wrist is the actual secret of the illusion .
when you &apos;re in the scene of your hand , you &apos;re going to be able to take my finger in this position where my fingers are .
good number .
there are those who have lived in the village .
so here it goes .
and when i start to return , my arms changes .
and we can talk about why this is a lie , or you don &apos;t realize that there are only three fingers under the hand , and the reason is that our minds and the way we work , we &apos;re going to recognize them as groups .
but it &apos;s not that , right ? and i open my hand .
it &apos;s clearly being kept there , not the wild attraction , but because of my arms , my finger is there .
and when i see my fingers , the same thing , i &apos;m going back , i &apos;m going to take the movement to change my fingers .
i take this hand . you take the knife .
here &apos;s a trick you can introduce to your friends and your neighbors . thank you .
now , what is the placebo effect ?
a year ago , i actually read a research from my mind .
i &apos;m not a doctor or a researcher , so that &apos;s an amazing thing for me .
according to the research , if you put a white pill in the form of a white pill , you can only see the yuvarlak white pill , the yuvarlak of the pill .
but if you change the form of the placebo , it &apos;s like a smaller pill , and it &apos;s blue in blue , and it &apos;s actually even more effective .
two of these are not any drug traits , both sugar pills .
but the white pill is not as good as the blue pill .
what ? that &apos;s really why i don &apos;t miss my mind .
it &apos;s not enough .
if you have the vessel , these are more powerful than the pills .
a tip of a red hole is better than a white hole .
it also has the impact .
two days a pill , not as good as three pill pills . i don &apos;t remember statistics right now .
but what &apos;s important is .
there &apos;s a connection with the effect of the therapy .
and there &apos;s a link to the drug shape .
and when you want placebo , you &apos;re going to be a needle .
right ? it &apos;s a liquid cocktail that doesn &apos;t interfere with the tide ; you can &apos;t get into a couple of tepkimeye , and you &apos;re injecting it into the patient .
and it creates a very powerful imagination in these moments , even a lot more powerful than white .
in fact , this graph is going to show you when we have another time .
what &apos;s important is that white pill is not as good as blue , and it &apos;s not as well as the tube , it &apos;s not as well as the tube .
and actually none of these have an impact on medicine . it &apos;s only your belief that makes it happen in your body and increasing its influence .
i wanted to see if i took this idea and could do it .
i can take a real trick and can make it true .
and as we learn from research , you go to the needle .
this is a inçlik needle , and it &apos;s very , very sharp . i &apos;ll make it a little bit .
this is really my work . it &apos;s not artificial meat .
i &apos;m going to say that . hollywood doesn &apos;t have special effects .
i &apos;m going to go through my feet , and i &apos;ll take this needle on the other side .
if you get a breath -- if you look easily -- i was doing this in the hotel hall yesterday for a couple of friends , and a few people and a woman who i didn &apos;t know were expecting .
so if you look easily , i want you to look at the other side for 30 seconds , in fact , that i &apos;m going to do the bad part .
you &apos;ll see , you can look at the other side .
i &apos;m going to do this , i &apos;m going to take the bottom part of the arm .
excuse me . do i scare you ?
and then i &apos;m going through a little bit of mine , and i &apos;m going to look at that .
it &apos;s actually the same position as a knife trick .
it &apos;s sort of .
but you don &apos;t get my fingers right now , right ?
so let me show you . one , two , three , four , five .
yeah .
i know what people think .
&quot; it &apos;s not just enough to kill us until a few minutes . &quot;
so let me show you a little bit .
how does it look ? pretty good .
she , i know .
the background is , &quot; okay . but i can &apos;t see it . &quot;
they start moving from the back to the back .
let me show you closely .
it &apos;s really me . it &apos;s certainly not hollywood private .
that &apos;s my work .
you know . if you &apos;re annoyed , look at the other direction , look here .
and the ones who are going to watch this , or years later , are going to be like , &quot; ok , well , it looks like a good düzenlenmiş , &quot; look at it -- look at it , if it was real .
so , you &apos;re a little bit kanatalım .
yes , blood .
i normally got the needle right now .
i cleaned my arm , and i showed you no scars .
but if we think about the fact that it &apos;s not real and not real , i &apos;ll leave the needle there , and i &apos;m going to leave the stage .
i &apos;m going to see you several times in the coming days .
i hope you &apos;re looking for this . thank you very much .
everybody is talking about happiness nowadays .
i asked one of them , and the last five years , i asked the word &quot; happiness , &quot; and i wanted to put it in the word &quot; happiness , &quot; which was more books , which was more books .
researchers have a lot of happiness training with happiness .
everybody struggles to make people happier .
but despite the intensity of this labour mass , there are some cognitive tuzaklar that blocks proper thinking about happiness .
my talk today is mostly about these cognitive tuzaklarla .
these are also affecting academics who work on their own happiness as well as ordinary people who work on happiness , because we can be as complex as everyone else .
the first of these flies is a challenge to admit to the complexity of the complexity .
it turns out that happiness is not a useful word anymore , because we use it for many different things .
i think we should limit this word in a single way , but we have to develop a more complex view of what we need to do now , and we need to have a more complex view of ourselves .
the second trap is the complexity between experience and memories : it &apos;s simply happy to be happy or happy in your life .
and these two distinct concepts , both of them , are shared with happiness .
the last one is , but unfortunately , there is no way to think about any of the situations that affect the importance of feeling good .
i mean , this is a real cognitive trap .
there &apos;s no way to find the truth .
now , the question that i &apos;d like to start with is one of the questions that i &apos;ve been doing , and one of the questions that i &apos;m going to do is tell a story about one story , and in the end of the story , the story is just a terrible cayırtı .
and in a very emotional way , the experience of this sound was horrible .
but it wasn &apos;t .
what &apos;s terrible about this is the memories of this experience .
he actually had experience .
he heard a great music for 20 minutes .
but it has nothing to do with it because it &apos;s only a gift ; it &apos;s the only thing that &apos;s left , and it was the only thing that it was .
that &apos;s actually telling us , we &apos;re talking about two facts , and we think about ourselves and others .
one can also live in the history of the experience , the current time , and the same time that knows that time , but it &apos;s actually only present .
and if you ask you , &quot; do you want to look here ? &quot; he said , &quot; do you want to be here ? &quot;
and then you have your own self , your vital self , your life , your life , and your doctor says , &quot; how do you feel like you &apos;re feeling ? &quot;
that &apos;s what your self is asking .
the self that remembered the self self is two very different concepts , and the idea of mixing them together is the main cause of the sense of happiness .
now , self self is a contradiction .
and it actually starts with the reactions that come from our memories -- suddenly beginning .
we &apos;re just telling stories about storytelling .
our memories tell us stories , stories that are missing to us .
let me start with an example .
this is a former study .
these are the actual patients that are being taken into a painful procedure .
i &apos;m not going to go to the details , but it &apos;s not as painful as it has been , but when it &apos;s done , it &apos;s a painful procedure in the 1990s .
they were asked to report each 60 seconds of pain .
these are two patients . these are the records of those patients .
i ask you , &quot; which patient is more suffering ? &quot;
this is a very simple question .
clearly , the patient is more suffering . the procedure has been more painful , and the patient &apos;s flu is more suffering , and even more pain , even more pain .
now another question : &quot; which one of these patients thinks is more pain ? &quot;
and that &apos;s what &apos;s amazing .
the memory of a patient in a patient &apos;s procedure is much worse than the patient b .
the stories of these tubes are different and the story of the story -- how is it going on ?
both of these stories are inspiring and not great .
one of them is that it &apos;s bad for the other .
and what &apos;s bad is that the most recent moment that the pain is in the most acının . it &apos;s a bad story .
how do we know that ?
because we asked these people , and we asked them , &quot; how bad was the pain of the pain ? &quot;
for one , it was much worse than b .
this is the paradox between the self and the self that you see .
in terms of self self , it had a much worse experience .
now , you can actually do this to a patient , and we &apos;ve done some clinical trials on this , and it &apos;s clearly working , and it &apos;s actually working a little bit of the time , and it &apos;s a little bit like a tube that &apos;s going to take a lot of oynatmazsanız .
it &apos;s going to save some of the lives of this patient , but very few and a little bit less than a few .
if you go on a couple of minutes , you &apos;re better in the sense of a patient &apos;s experience , but that &apos;s how the experience of the patient &apos;s experience is a better story about the entire experience of a patient .
what determines a story ?
this is true for the story that we have given to us as much as the stories that we have presented to us .
the things that determine a story , the important moments and the story of the story .
the late is very , very important , and in this case , the whole story is dominated by the last story .
now , it keeps the experience of self .
the experience of each other has experience .
now you &apos;re going to ask : what happens to these moments ?
the answer is clear . they disappear forever .
i mean , most of our time in our lives -- i guess it &apos;s -- you know , you know , it &apos;s about three seconds long , you know , it &apos;s about 600 feet long . it &apos;s about 600 million in a lifetime .
most of them are totally ignored by the self .
but again , you think , you know , they have to take care of it , because they &apos;re in the experience of their experience .
this is the limited resources we spend during the world .
but what we &apos;re going to do is , what we &apos;re going to do is , it &apos;s not what it &apos;s for us to remember , but that &apos;s not what it &apos;s for us .
so our lives and our experience are very disparate from each other .
the biggest difference between them is how they manage .
from the perspective of self self , if you go to the holiday , the second week is better than the first week , two weeks a week , two times a week vacation .
the self is not working this way .
for the blind self , two weeks a week vacation is better than a week , because there are no new new memories .
there &apos;s no change in the story .
in this way , it &apos;s the most critical variable that separates the self that &apos;s actually forgotten the self , which is very little .
now , the self is doing other things , and stories tell stories .
the real decisions are , because if you have two separate clinics , you have a doctor who has two separate kolonoskopi , and the doctor who has been elected to decide which doctor will be less bad .
the memory does not have a promise in this election .
we &apos;re actually not going to do a choice between experiences . we &apos;re going to make a choice between experiences .
even if we think about the future , we don &apos;t think of our future as experiences .
we think of our future as expected memories .
you can basically look at this , you know , the self that remember the self that remember the self that reminded the experience of the experience that didn &apos;t really need the experience of experience , but you can see it as a zorba .
i think that &apos;s often what happens when we go to the holiday . yes , we have a lot of our own lives in the command of our lives .
i think it &apos;s very hard to justify that .
so , how much of our memories are we going to consume ?
this is one example of the sovereignty of self .
when i think about this , i &apos;m thinking about a holiday i spent a couple of years in antarctica , which i certainly spent a couple of years , and i think that &apos;s the holiday that i think compared to my other holiday .
i think i &apos;ve spent my last four weeks in a period of 25 minutes , just like i &apos;ve spent my last four weeks .
i can use it for a time to open the files that i &apos;ve been looking for .
now , it &apos;s about a half hour a week for a week .
it looks like a contradiction .
i can be a little bit more unusual , you know , i &apos;m not very interested in saving the memories , but if you &apos;re too much , there &apos;s a serious question that you have to give you a big question .
so i want you to do a mental experiment .
imagine if you &apos;re going to have all the pictures that you have at the end of your next holiday , and you &apos;re going to have a drug and nothing that breaks your life .
in this case , would you still go to this holiday ?
and if you don &apos;t want to go to another vacation in this case , you &apos;re going to connect your two selves with each other , and think about how you can eliminate this contradiction , because if you take the time into account , you get a question , you get a question .
it &apos;s a situation where we choose to choose where we &apos;re going to go and choose one of our neighbors .
now , these two selves are true of happiness .
there &apos;s actually a different notion of happiness that can be applied to each self .
so , you can ask , what are your experiences happy ?
and then you might ask , how happy are the experiences of the self self ?
and they &apos;re all very complex , they &apos;re very complex .
what are the measurable feelings ?
by the way , we have a very clear idea about the happiness of self in time .
but if you look at happiness , it &apos;s totally different .
this is not about how happy one person lives .
it &apos;s about how happy it is to think about how happy one person lives .
it &apos;s a very different feeling .
and one of the things that doesn &apos;t get the difference between these two moments is that it &apos;s going to fail in the research of happiness , and i &apos;m one of the kids who have been able to feel a good feeling of happiness , and i &apos;m doing this in particular .
the difference between the self of self and the self of self has been recognized in recent years , and there are now significant efforts to calculate both of them .
the gallup organization did a poll about a million people around the world , asking about what they think about their own lives and experience .
so in recent years , we started learning new things about happiness in two separate lives .
but the most important thing that we &apos;re learning is that these two are different from each other .
you may be familiar with someone who &apos;s lived , but it doesn &apos;t show you how happy it is in the life of that person , and that &apos;s true .
i &apos;m going to give you an idea about the relationship between the relationship , about 1,500 percent .
that means that you &apos;ve met someone , and they said to you , &quot; oh , dad , his father is 1975 feet long . &quot;
of course you have a thought about it , but you have no idea about your weight .
that &apos;s what &apos;s about happiness .
now i told you that i &apos;m going to show you the life of one of the 10 people , and you have no idea how happy the person &apos;s experience is .
so the connection between the two is fine .
we know some of the factors that are controlling happiness .
we know that money is very important , and the goals are very important .
we know that happiness is a lot of time to spend time with people that we mostly love and enjoy .
there are other things , but these are dominant .
so , you should be doing a lot of different things to get your happiness to the top level .
here &apos;s the summary that i &apos;ve been telling you here , we have to engage with the feeling of feeling good .
the two are completely different from each other .
now , it &apos;s a reason why we think about a reason that we don &apos;t think very quickly about happiness , and we don &apos;t pay attention to the same things that live .
so , if you ask the people in california , you can &apos;t get the right answer .
when you ask this question , if you live in ohio , you think that people living in california are happier .
in fact , if you think about life in california , where you think about the similarity between california and other places in california , like this , this is a climate .
interestingly , it &apos;s very important for the climate experience , and it &apos;s so important for the self to decide how happy people are .
now , some of the things that reflect on this , or some of you can eventually go to california , or you can actually go to california .
and it may be very interesting to see what happens to be able to see these people who are moving to california and going to california .
their experience will not be happier .
we know that .
but it will be going to happen , they &apos;ll think they &apos;re happier because they &apos;re going to see how awful the weather in ohio is . and they &apos;re going to think they &apos;re making a decision .
it &apos;s hard to think about feeling good , and i hope that i &apos;m going to give you an idea of how hard it is .
thank you .
thank you . i have a question .
thank you very much .
a few days ago , when i was sitting in the phone , you told me that there was a very interesting outcome .
is it possible to share with us a few minutes ?
daniel maslow : of course .
and i think the most interesting result of gallup survey was that we had never seen a number .
we found that figure in relation to happiness of self .
we looked at the change of emotions in income .
it turns out that when americans are under $ 10,000 , it &apos;s a very big example of the u.s. whale , 10,000 people , but a good example of a good , $ 100,000 income .
it &apos;s $ 60,000 .
dk : 60,000 dollars .
60,000 dollars a year , and people are unhappy , even growing their poorer depression .
but on top of that , we see a completely flattened line .
it &apos;s a straight line , it &apos;s not uncommon .
what &apos;s happening is that money can &apos;t buy you happiness , but the money is absolutely disappointing , and it can certainly be able to measure that despair , and it &apos;s very precisely possible .
in other words , there &apos;s another situation for the self self .
you &apos;re so satisfied with how many money you have .
it &apos;s not true for emotions .
but danny , american dream is about the pursuit of life , freedom and happiness .
so if people take these data seriously , they reverse everything we believe , like tax policy and other similar things .
are politicians or general in general taking this data seriously and have a chance to bring public policy into this ?
second : you know , i think public policy is the role of the study of happiness .
there &apos;s no doubt that this process will be slow in the united states , but it &apos;s happening in britain and in other countries .
people are aware of the concept of happiness when they think about public policy .
of course , it &apos;s going to take time , people will talk about the experience of happiness or the process of evaluating life , so we need to start this debate quickly .
how do you do that , depending on how you think about happiness , depending on the different ways that you can think about the self , or the self self , according to the self self ?
i believe that it will affect policies in the years ahead .
the united states is undertaking initiatives to measure the experience of the population .
in the next ten or five years , these data will become part of national statistics .
i think it seems to me that this is one of the most important policy discussions in the years , or it should be .
thank you so much for you invented behavioral economics .
thank you danny maslow .
i &apos;m jane savage-rumbaugh . i &apos;m the designer .
i &apos;ve been doing online games for 10 years , and the next 10 years , i &apos;m going to make it easy to save the world online in real life .
now , i have a plan for this , and the plan is to convince you to take more time to play more and better games , including the larger and better games .
we spend three billion hours online online games .
some of you might think , &quot; this is a lot of time to play . &quot;
perhaps it &apos;s a lot of time when we think about the number of emergency problems we need to solve in the real world .
according to the institute for research in the future , it &apos;s actually the right direction .
playing three billion hours a week is almost impossible to solve the world &apos;s emergency problems .
in fact , if we want to live on this planet in the next century , i think we need to increase this number .
i guess that i had to cut a total of 21 billion hours a week for play .
so , it &apos;s probably an idea , so again , again , again , let &apos;s put it in the minds , let &apos;s put it in the minds , if we want to have the least 21 billion hours of life , climate change , global conflict , hunger , obesity , and i believe we should be eager to play at least 21 billion hours a week .
no . i &apos;m sorry . i &apos;m sorry .
the reason is . this picture is largely explaining why the games are so essential to survive in the future . indeed . indeed . indeed .
this is a picture of a photographer named ezra phil .
he wanted to capture the sense of play , so that the players were playing in front of them .
and , this is a classic game of play .
now , if you &apos;re not a player , you can find some of the attributes of this picture .
probably , the sense of urgency is a sense of fear -- but intense concentration -- you see a sense of deep focus to solve a really difficult problem .
if you &apos;re a player , you &apos;ll notice a couple of things here , a sign of optimism on the inside of your eyes and the kırışıklıklar of the heart .
this is what some of them refer to as a epic victory .
oh , you heard that . okay . good . we have some players .
there is no idea that the epic victory , which is a positive result , is impossible to do so far .
it was almost as far as the imagination of imagination was .
and when you get there , you have the shock of discovering what &apos;s actually going to do . this is a epic victory .
this is a player behind a epic victory .
and this is what we want to see in the face of the hundreds of problems in the world that are trying to overcome the challenges of the future century , and it &apos;s the face of a garip victory , a epic victory .
unfortunately , this is the face that we face to solve these particular problems .
this is what i call &quot; i &apos;m not good in life , &quot; and it &apos;s the face that i &apos;m in there . can you see that ? yeah . good .
&quot; i &apos;m not good in life . &quot;
this is what i &apos;m doing in the lab that i &apos;m doing better than real life , in the old neighborhood in california .
and this is a problem that many players have .
we feel that we &apos;re not as good as in games in real life .
i don &apos;t mean success , but of course it &apos;s part of it .
we achieve more in the game worlds , but i mean , i mean , i &apos;m going to be ready to co-operate to do something important in matters , and to act together to make things together .
and i believe that when we &apos;re in the game world , most of us are becoming the best version of ourselves , and we &apos;re now dealing with the moment that we &apos;re most prepared to help , and we &apos;re going to go and say again , after failure .
and when we face the fact in real life , we don &apos;t feel the same as we face obstacles .
we feel that we &apos;re getting tired . we feel overwhelmed . we &apos;re feeling uncomfortable or ironic .
we don &apos;t feel these feelings , we don &apos;t feel these feelings .
i was a graduate student .
what do you think you can feel when games are able to do everything ?
how can we get these feelings from games and can change things in the real world ?
so i looked at the world of warcraft like warcraft , which is really an ideal thing to solve .
and i &apos;ve noticed a few things that make it possible for the online benefit online .
so , the first thing is that online games emerge in one of the world &apos;s warcraft , especially in the world of warcraft , you can find a lot of different characters that are ready to trust you .
but it &apos;s not a task , it &apos;s a great task in the game at the moment , right ? right ?
so you can do it .
they never give you a challenge .
but it &apos;s about what you can do . that &apos;s why you have to work . there &apos;s no unemployment in world of warcraft .
there &apos;s no ellerinizi . there &apos;s always a specific and important thing to do .
and there are many participants .
wherever you go , hundreds of thousands of people are ready to work with you to achieve the epic task .
it &apos;s not something that we can easily see in our real life , it gives us thousands of participants in our fingertips .
and this story is this epic story , why we &apos;re here and what we &apos;re doing is inspiring .
and then we get all this positive feedback .
you &apos;ve heard about the level of higher levels , or a plus of a sudden intelligence .
we don &apos;t get feedback like this in real life .
when i came from this room , i would have a positive talk or a artı idea , plus two crazy ideas .
i got this feedback in real life .
the problem around the world of warcraft , like warcraft world warcraft , is that we have to decide to spend most of our time in the world of games , because it &apos;s very gratifying to be on the verge of a epic victory .
it &apos;s better than reality .
so so far , all the global players have spent millions of years trying to solve the virtual problems of the planet .
now , this is not a bad thing .
it sounds like a bad thing .
and think about it in this context , the first ancestors in the former era about a million years ago .
this is the first primates .
so , when we think about how much we spend the games , even if we think about how we spend the games , the only way to think about it is to talk about the creation of an extraordinary human evolution .
but this is understandable . because , in some way , all this time is a time when we &apos;re actually really changing people &apos;s minds .
we &apos;re moving together to become a sevecen species .
this is true . i believe that .
now , let &apos;s take a look at this interesting statistic , a researcher at carnegie mellon university , and the average young person in a country who has a strong play in a country is spending about 200,000 hours to play online games today , 21 years old .
now , for two reasons , it &apos;s a really interesting number .
first of all , the kids in the united states will spend the time when they show continuity when they show continuity in high school .
so it &apos;s a completely parallel path to the education that they learn to be a good player , as they learn in school .
and some of you probably read the new book of gladwell gladwell .
you &apos;ve heard about his success theory , a teorisi theory theory .
we spend 10,000 hours on anything that is based on a large cognitive science research , and we &apos;re going to be veteran .
we can be as good as people in the world .
so what i look at is a whole young generation of young generation .
so the key question is , &quot; what are the players doing well ? &quot;
because if we can realize , we can have the human resources that we have previously unprecedented virtual .
this shows that we have at least one hour online playing online games .
these are our games , 500 million people , and they &apos;re good at the extraordinary .
and regardless of what happens in the next decade , we will have a billion more players who successfully succeed .
if you don &apos;t know , it &apos;s going to happen .
the game industry is developing the low energy networks that work via wireless phone networks , and the players all over the world are in india , especially in india , china , brazil , brazil .
they &apos;re waiting for a billion more players in the next ten years .
that will bring us to 1.5 billion players .
so i began to think that these games are doing what they do well .
i came up with four things . first thing is optimism .
okay . think of it as overly motivating .
it is the desire to intervene quickly in order to overcome a challenge that we have in an emergency sense of optimism .
the players always believe that a epic achievement is possible , and it &apos;s always worth trying .
they don &apos;t sit .
actors are in a tight social fabric .
so many interesting research shows that even if they are very bad , we love people more often after playing games .
the reason for this is to play more confidence with someone else .
we believe that they will spend time with us , as well as the same rules , we believe that they will remain with us until the same goal ends .
so , play , play , trust and co-operation .
so we &apos;re building more powerful social relationships .
happy productivity . i love this .
you know that the average world of warcraft is a reason for a half of a week to play a iş job .
we know , when play play , we are happier , we &apos;re more happy than we are .
we know that , for the meaningful work , it &apos;s appropriate as people .
if the right job is right , the players always want to work hard .
finally , the meaning of the myth .
players like to be involved in big and scary stories and tasks as big as the planets .
what we &apos;ve seen is that we &apos;re helping to put them in the same perspective . you all know wikipedia , the largest encyclopedia in the world .
the second largest , almost 80,000 articles , is the world of warcraft .
five million people use it every month .
in the world of warcraft , they collected more information than all the topics in the world of warcraft .
they &apos;re building a epic story .
they create a story about warcraft of warcraft .
ok , these are four superpowers that lead us to a conclusion . actors are smart people .
these are individuals who believe they are capable of changing the world .
the only problem is not in the real world , but in the virtual world .
this is the problem that i try to solve .
there &apos;s a economist called edward castronova .
the work of the people . the people in the online world spend too much time , energy and money .
he says , &quot; we are witnessing a huge migration of online gaming and virtual world . &quot;
and that &apos;s a economist , so it &apos;s realistic .
and he says ...
not like me , i &apos;m the game designer ; i &apos;m happy .
but he says , it makes sense , because the players can get more things in the virtual world than the real world .
they &apos;re building more powerful social relationships than they can do , and they get more feedback in the games than real life , and they &apos;re getting better feedback .
and he says that the players are rational to spend more time in the virtual world .
now i think that &apos;s rational .
however , no way , it &apos;s not the most appropriate .
we have to start doing real world like play .
so i &apos;m inspired by an incident that happened 500 years ago .
these are ancient zarlar , made from the skin of a sheep . okay ?
before we had the game boards , we had facial tectonics .
these are the first games designed by people .
and if you look at the work of ancient greek historian decani , you may be familiar with this history , and it &apos;s the history of the person who &apos;s ever seen the games .
it says the games , especially the money games , were in the royal kingdom of slavs .
apparently , in a very serious time of famine , the king of allianoi decided to do something crazy .
people were suffering , fighting .
it &apos;s an extraordinary situation . it &apos;s an extraordinary solution to them .
i mean , they invented the game games , and they created a policy in the u.k. , and one day , everybody would get sick . and the next day , everybody would play games .
and they were going to be able to get out of the game games , because games were very impressive , and it would bring us to a happy efficiency that would satisfy us .
and the next day , they would play games . they were eating food .
and , according to athoc , they spent 18 years in this way , and the next day they were able to survive and survive in the next day .
now , i think that &apos;s exactly what we &apos;re using today .
we use games to avoid suffering in the real world .
we use games to get away from everything that &apos;s broken in real life , in real life , and we get everything we need .
but it doesn &apos;t have to end here .
it &apos;s really exciting .
according to athoc , 18 years later , famine declined . for that , king decided to play a final piece of play .
the kingdom split .
they played a game , and the winners would have to go to a epic adventure .
they &apos;re going to go back to kibera , and they &apos;ll leave their country to find new places , they &apos;ll leave their country with the current resources , and they &apos;re going to be able to find out where they can .
now , this is crazy , right ?
but recently , dna evidence has shown that vlachs who lead the roman empire are carrying the same dna .
and recently scientists have said that the çılgın story is real .
and they discovered evidence of global warming , which lasted about 20 years .
so this is a crazy story .
they may have saved the culture by playing the games , 18 years , and then they &apos;re going to be inspired by the games , and then they can take a lot of all the civilization about how they &apos;re going to come together .
okay , we can do that .
we &apos;ve been playing world of warcraft since 1994 .
this was the first real strategy game game in the world of warcraft . 16 years ago .
in 18 years , we &apos;ve been playing for the last 16 years .
i say we &apos;re ready for our own story .
now , they sent a new world to a new world , where i found 21 billion dollars a week .
let &apos;s suppose you spend a moment in the game to solve real world problems .
i know what you &apos;re going to ask , &quot; how do we solve problems in the games ? &quot; this is what i &apos;ve been teaching myself for a couple of years in the institute for the future .
we have this poster in the field of the palo express , which shows how we &apos;re trying to connect to the future .
we &apos;re not trying to predict the future .
it &apos;s the future that we want to make .
we want to imagine the best scenario , and we want to give people power to do that .
we want to imagine epic victories , and then we want to show people what it means to achieve epic victories .
i &apos;m going to show you three games that are the product of what i &apos;m going to do to show you what &apos;s going to happen to the story of the epic victory of people .
so this is world earth oil .
we did this game in 2007 .
it &apos;s a online game where you try to survive where the oil shortage is .
the oil shortage is kurgudur. , but we &apos;ve put it online enough to believe that it &apos;s real , it &apos;s actually enough online content to believe that you &apos;re going to be able to live , and you &apos;re going to be able to be able to live .
we tried 1,700 actors in 2007 . we watched them for three years .
i can tell you that this is a transformative experience .
no one wants to change the way life is good , or because we need to do it for the world .
but you can put them in a epic adventure , and you say , &quot; we &apos;re wasting oil . &quot;
it &apos;s a great story for participation and adventure .
to see if you &apos;re alive , you &apos;re going to fight yourself in the game , they &apos;re protecting the habits they learn in this game .
we decided to target a bigger problem to save the next world than oil .
we did a game in the institute for the future in the future .
our proposal is that a computer is going to be 23 years on the planet .
this is the name of the super world aids system .
we wanted to be online , like a jerry jerry film .
jerry dylan , you know , you &apos;re going to build a dream team . you &apos;re a astronot , a scientist , a former prisoner , and you have everything to save the world .
but what we wanted to do is , instead of the dream team of five people , we wanted everyone to be in the dream team , the energy of your future , the health of the future , the social security , the social security net .
there were 60,000 people playing play .
they came to the creative solution that gave 500 madness , and you &apos;ll see it , you &apos;ll see it .
finally , the last game , we start three on three on three , and we did this game with the world bank .
if you take the game , the world bank is being granted a 2010 social innovative student .
we &apos;re working with universities in south africa , inviting them to learn social innovative skills .
we &apos;ve got one comic books . we &apos;ve got a level of skills , knowledge , information network , skills , skills , skills , skills .
i invite all of you to share this game with young people in the world , especially in the world that can get together to get the world together , to imagine the greatest benefit of creating their social institutions .
i &apos;m going to get it right now .
i want to ask a question .
what &apos;s next ?
we have all these incredible players , we have our kids who are the pilot work we can do , but none of them have yet saved the real world .
i hope that you are both ideas , the actors are the human resource that can create a powerful platform for change in real world businesses .
we have all these incredible superpowers , happy productivity , a sıkı social tissue , and the desire of the epic triumph and the desire of epic victory .
i &apos;m really hoping that we &apos;re going to play a game to try and survive on this planet for another century .
i hope that , by playing this way , i can play with games .
when i look at the next 10 years , there are two things that i &apos;m sure , we can create any future that we can imagine , and we can play the game we want .
i say , let &apos;s let games start .
thank you .
i &apos;d like to share with you an expedition that i &apos;ve been doing for a couple of months ago , when i was writing an article for england magazine magazine .
when i wrote about what and i would say , i always had my words , but this time i realized that i didn &apos;t see the word &quot; disabled &quot; in my life .
let me tell you the way .
you can also look at the engelli , biçare , kullanışsız , sakat , sakat , yaralı , yaralı , aciz , aciz , aciz , özürlü , özürlü , özürlü , özürlü , özürlü , özürlü , özürlü .
it &apos;s meaningful , healthy , powerful , enough .
and when i started reading this list with a friend , it was so funny that , but i had a new geçmişken word , and i had to stop the feeling of this emotional shock and words of the word .
you know , this is my old yırtık sözlüğümdü , i thought , should be too old .
but in the early 1980s , i was in my primary school , and i was in the early &apos; 80s , and i had to develop an awareness and other children and other children and other children .
and thank goodness , i was using dictionaries in those days .
so i &apos;ve been born in this world like i was born in this world , and i could never see that someone like me would never see positive anything , but i am famous for the opportunities and adventure that i &apos;ve made .
i looked at the dictionary of the dictionary of 2009 online online .
and this is what it was like .
unfortunately , it &apos;s not better .
i particularly found two words under the title &quot; close anlamlı &quot; title -- &quot; all &quot; and &quot; healthy &quot; .
so it &apos;s not just about words .
and these are all things that we believe in these words .
it &apos;s about the values and the values behind these words .
our language affects how we perceive the way we think and how we perceive the world around us .
in fact , they believed that ancient warfare like greece and rome had a lot of power to express a laneti , because they thought they would be able to do it loud .
so what reality do we want to do , is it a limited person , or is an empowered person ?
when we give a person , a child , a name in everyday life , it puts it in the power of her , or we can get a shadow .
do we want to give them doors instead ?
the person who opened the door to me , the person who opened the door to me , was the a.i. enstitüsündeydi institute in baltimore , idaho .
the name of dr. shirky was the most challenging for many americans and the name of the name of the name of the indian and the name of the name of the u.k.
dr. p always wearing colorful stripes and had a very good faith to work with children .
i love almost all my time in this hospital , of course , except for physical treatment .
what i &apos;d like to do is we have these different kinds of egzersizleri with these different colors to help develop the leg , and i hate these different colors , and i hated everything from those lines , and i hated them . i hated them .
and as the age of five , when i was in the age of five , i had failed , and i was trying to get out of the exercise .
and one day , i &apos;m going to say , &quot; wow , i &apos;m going to die , and i &apos;m going to love me , &quot; and i &apos;m going to tell you , &quot; wow ! aimee , you &apos;re really strong , you can get one of these components .
and if we really got one of these components , i &apos;ll give you 100 dollars . &quot;
now , this is , of course , what i don &apos;t want to do is to give me an incentive to do the exercise that i don &apos;t want to do , but the real success , beyond the possibility that i &apos;m the most wealthy child in the second floor , is that i &apos;m going to redesign it every day to show you a new , hopeful experience .
and i &apos;m still curious about what it &apos;s like , &quot; strong little girl , little girl , &quot; and i &apos;m still curious about the role and influence of the &quot; born powerful and powerful athletic human man &quot; .
there are examples of how the adults who have power have the power of a child .
but in the dictionary of the dictionary that &apos;s been mentioned earlier , our language doesn &apos;t allow us to go into a reality that we all want to see , &quot; it &apos;s enough . &quot;
in our language , many have not adapted to social changes with technology .
certainly , in a medical sense , my legs , in a medical sense , have the chance to get a laser cerrahisi , yaşlananlar görüşün , titanyum and kalça , and allow them to be able to find their own skills , not only in the social communication network , but allow them to find themselves in the global groups that allow themselves to find their own own choices .
so maybe technology is getting us more meaningful , and it &apos;s always the thing that &apos;s true to all the time -- and the ability of human beings to have a powerful talent , and the ability of human beings to adapt , is the most valuable asset .
the ability to adapt , it &apos;s an interesting thing , because people want to talk to me about progress in improving everyday challenges -- and i &apos;m going to give you an argument , and i think i &apos;ve always been nervous , and i think i &apos;ve always been nervous .
the challenge to overcome the challenges is that it &apos;s olarak , olarak , olarak , and it &apos;s the idea that it &apos;s not going to be a place where you &apos;re going to be able to get rid of the ground , and it &apos;s in a life where the other people perceive me as a disabled , and they &apos;re not going to be able to walk out of the ground , in a life with the mouse .
but in fact , we are changing . we are the challenge , whether it &apos;s the challenge , whether it &apos;s physical , whether it &apos;s physical , whether it &apos;s all the way .
and i claim that this is a good thing .
the difficulty is not an obstacle to living around the environment .
it &apos;s part of our lives .
and i &apos;m going to think about it as a shadow .
sometimes there &apos;s a lot of it , it &apos;s very , very small , but it &apos;s always with me .
and i don &apos;t try to reduce the weight of the pressures that are being taken in the fight against life .
there are difficulties in life and challenges , and they &apos;re all very real , but they &apos;re all very real , but you &apos;re not going to meet with him , but how you &apos;re going to meet with him .
so our responsibility is not to protect the people that we value , not to protect them from the difficulties of life .
and we can tell them that they &apos;re not enough enough to adapt to our kids .
there is a very important difference between the physical and objective of the medical and the objective that i &apos;m not a disabled person , and i have a very important difference in the social and objective perspective .
and , i &apos;m very pleased to think , how do i have to be able to face the only truth that i &apos;ve had to face , and to be able to describe the world by words ?
and when we &apos;re talking about a cold and strict facts about the health of our loved ones , we &apos;re talking about the fact that we &apos;re talking about health care , and , in fact , we have to make sure that we &apos;re going to be able to make sure that we &apos;re going to die .
just looking at the model of our own future , and how we can see them , can be more sensitive than the current kind of psychology .
we can now be adding another disease over the current difficulties that one person can do , and we can already be able to do another disease .
we have successfully defined the social value of one .
so we have to see that in the whole of that medicine and the capacity of human capacity .
and , most importantly , this is a lack of cooperation among our most powerful creative skills .
so it &apos;s not about defining or denying it . it &apos;s about getting rid of what we want to avoid or put it under the store .
and the idea i want to put out is that , in fact , it &apos;s hard to break ourselves , and to embrace it , to break ourselves in a title , use a wrestling title , to fight it , maybe dance with it .
and maybe if we think of difficulties as natural , consistent and useful , we will be less burdened by its existence .
we celebrated this year &apos;s eve of charles darwin , and 150 years ago , darwin talked about evolution , and he talked about human character .
if i &apos;m going to tell you , the survival of survival is not the most powerful or brightest of species , but the ability to adapt .
the conflict is the origin of the conflict .
what we &apos;ve learned from darwin &apos;s work is that , compared to all the others , the ability to survive in life and development , the human spirit , is moving towards transformation .
so , again , transformation and harmony are the most important human abilities .
and maybe we don &apos;t know what &apos;s going on on our planet until we &apos;re tested .
maybe the challenges give us this -- we know ourselves , we feel ourselves .
so we can give ourselves a gift .
we can think of the difficulty as &quot; power times , &quot; more than just &quot; power times . &quot;
we can see this as a &quot; change . &quot;
the challenge is that we have not yet adapted to harmony . &quot;
i think our greatest challenge in life is the idea that we have created ourselves .
now , who is concordia ?
there &apos;s no normal thing .
there &apos;s general , but it &apos;s not normal . it &apos;s typical . but there &apos;s no normal , it would like to meet them , and they would like to meet them ?
i don &apos;t think .
if this is the paradigm -- we can make it a little bit more dangerous if someone is able to get the control of somebody else , even if you can even get a little more dangerous , and we can invite them to use these rare and valuable talents with society .
the biologists always tell us the same thing -- we , people , all the time , we need other members of our community , and we supported support .
there are evidence that the neanderthals and the people who have a serious physical wound of the elderly have been buried by the others , maybe the experience of the life experience of these people , they value their experience .
we didn &apos;t see these people broken and it didn &apos;t work , we were looking at them rare and valuable .
a few years ago , when i grew up in a city in the city of pennsylvania , i was in this red area in the city of pennsylvania , and i was sitting at the top of a piece of tomato .
it was summer , i was wearing the queen .
from my home , i &apos;m going to say , &quot; if not if this is not aimee mullins , i &apos;ll go . &quot;
i went back to hear he said , i had no idea who was the old man .
i said , &quot; excuse me , we &apos;d ever have met ? &quot;
the room told me , &quot; of course we don &apos;t forget us .
i &apos;ve met you at the time of the mother &apos;s syndrome . &quot;
oh , this guy !
and of course , the protocell dropped .
this guy , dr. robicsek , was one of the stories that i knew about my mother &apos;s day , which is , of course , as a fashion , as a fashion , for two weeks .
and the mother of my mother came out of a trip , so my parents were totally stranger for my family .
and without the cartilage bones , my feet , my feet , a few tırnak , the person who gave me a bad news that i was born in this room , was this stranger .
he said to me , &quot; i had to give you the information that you will never be able to live as much as you can , and you have to give you an independent life , and you &apos;ve been duruyorsun me since then . &quot;
so , what &apos;s very unusual is that every time i read every newspaper on my whole childhood , i won &apos;t be able to win the second class , the second class , a yürüyüş alayında , and i have a college scholarship , and i have to train them all , to train them and train them and train them .
and the work is called the xfaktörü , the human being .
the prediction of any disease is that someone &apos;s life is very decisive and effective .
and dr. robicsek told me that , &quot; as long as my experience is not repeated , the children will be able to leave their own trends , even if they are not repeated , if they are not repeated , &quot; he said .
see , dr. robicsek has lived in that mindset .
with medical conditions , there &apos;s a serious difference between what one person can do in those conditions .
and in my mind , there were changes in my mind , if you were when you were 15 , i could change the prosthetic with the kanlı-canlı legs , and i didn &apos;t even hesitate .
at that time i was looking at that kind of rule .
if you ask me today , i &apos;m not quite sure .
because there are many experiences that i &apos;ve been living with them , not the experience that i &apos;ve experienced .
and maybe this change was because i was forced to get me to the people who were trying to limit me and put me on the door , and i was forced to open up more doors .
you see , the only one you need is to show you your own power and you &apos;re going to go .
if you give someone the keys of his own inner force , the human spirit looks pretty quickly , if you can do it and open a door at a critical moment , and you can open them up in a critical moment .
they &apos;re going to open their doors for themselves themselves .
you teach . in fact , education is called &quot; sex , &quot; and meaning meaning &quot; sex . &quot;
it &apos;s the &quot; emergence of the inside &quot; , the potential to pull the potential out .
so , what do we want to do again ?
in the 1960s , there was an epidemic study in britain , and then they went through schools , wide perception schools .
it &apos;s called gruplandırma experiments . we call this in the united states .
it &apos;s about cutting kids , b , c , d .
a student receives the most rigorous curriculum and the best friend .
three months later d grade students were given a rating of their grade , and they were told they were at a level of seviyesinde , and at the end of this three-month period , they all showed a performance at a level of performance .
and of course , this is also a sad side of this story , and the students at a level of scale give a grade grade to d grade .
what they were saying was what happened at the end of the three-month period .
apart from the school , there are only a few students who are obsessed with school .
the critical point of this study is that teachers have been aldatılmış .
teachers don &apos;t know that there is a change .
and they &apos;re also a student , and they &apos;re a student , and they &apos;re b student , and they &apos;re going to come up with these ideas .
i mean , there &apos;s a single disability form , a hali spirit that doesn &apos;t have the hope of a bir spirit . it doesn &apos;t see the beauty of us anymore . it doesn &apos;t have a sense of imagination .
instead , we can support a human spirit to make hope , and we can help see the beauty of the environment in itself and the surrounding environment , and that &apos;s where we really use our power .
if there are these values , the new reality and new ways of existence are being created .
i &apos;d like to leave you with a poem called arkadaşım , who was told by my friend jacques dembois that the poem was called &quot; just four words , god , god , god , god , god , &quot; but it &apos;s not just four words of god , it &apos;s not just four words , and it &apos;s all the time .
come on with me . thank you .
