what about being better than you are ?
i mean , you might have a better memory than a couple of changes , more perfect and faster .
maybe you want to be more formda or more robust .
would you like to be more attractive and güvenen ?
what about a healthy life ?
maybe we &apos;re not going to be able to live for more creativity .
what would you like most ?
you just pick one , which would you choose ?
audience : creativity .
how many of you have been designing creativity ?
raise your mind .
there are all these things . they probably have creative people here .
that &apos;s very good .
how many of you are hafızayı ?
a little more .
so what ?
a little bit less .
what about the long strand ?
it &apos;s a majority . it &apos;s a doctor .
if you had one of these , the world would be very different .
is it just a dream ?
or is it possible ?
evolution has been an eternal subject , but today i want to give you a picture of a doctor at ted .
a key 20th century , t.g dobzansky , who was at the same time , wrote a test called &quot; nothing , except in the light of evolution in biology , except in the light of evolution in biology . &quot;
if you &apos;re not going to accept evidence for biological evolution , it &apos;s a good time for you to get your hearing hearing , and let &apos;s give you a glimpse of what &apos;s wrong , because it &apos;s not going to make any sense , as you can tell you before .
but if you accept biological evolution , just think about the past ? or is it the future ?
can it be applied to others ? or can it apply to us ?
this is another point of view of life .
in this picture , i put a branches in every direction in the central , because if you look at the side of the tree of life , you have all sorts of evolutionary pathways on the edge of your mouth , and you have an adaptation in life , and you can adapt to the environment .
one end of this branch is of course , of course , that we &apos;re most interested in .
we &apos;re coming from a common soydan , about altı-sekiz million years ago .
so maybe it &apos;s a different species of different species .
some of them came and gitmiştir .
we &apos;ve been here for about 130,000 years .
it looks like a little bit of the other part of life , but in fact , it &apos;s a big part of our cells , and it &apos;s very close to our cells .
are you aware of the system of a common bacterium , and can you be aware of the protein protein that you can use to treat the sugar vessels by controlling it ?
this is exactly the same protein that is not the same as the chemical insilününe , but the same protein that can &apos;t be seen as chemical chemistry .
speaking of bacteria , if you &apos;re talking about the rest of the body , can you be aware of the rest of the body ?
maybe 10 times more .
imagine , would antonio damasio come to mind the bacteria in the bacteria ?
it &apos;s a perfectly compatible environment for bacteria .
it &apos;s hot , dark and humidity . it &apos;s a sincere environment .
and they &apos;re going to be able to tell them all the food that is necessary , and they &apos;re not going to be able to work .
it &apos;s a wonderful life for bacteria , but it &apos;s very important for the bacteria to live in the other way .
bacteria help us eat the main food , and they &apos;re not going to talk to you some diseases .
but what &apos;s going to happen in the future ?
are we kind of kind of an evolutionary balance ?
or should we be able to be a different species ? maybe we can adapt to the environment better .
let &apos;s take a look at the past billion years ago , the big bang explosion , the world and the solar system , four and a half billion years ago , the first findings of life in the world , four hundred million years ago , four hundred million years ago , four hundred years ago .
this is a bitmeyen ölçüt of life , which is a short ölçüt of life , and a little bit of a little bit of a little bit more human .
it &apos;s at the same time .
i hope that the human being is a lot of fun .
my first year in college was biology first .
i fell in love with the power of biology and the power of evolution and the power of evolution , and i realized that the only organism that was very important was basically the bölünür of the cell and the whole genetic energy of that cell .
but when we come to a very hierarchical organism , things begin to change .
it comes in .
and the rest of our body , after the üremeyle tanışmamızın , becomes the rest of our body .
in fact , you can say that we &apos;re going to be able to come together with the evolutionary kaçınılmazlığının of death .
i have to admit , i &apos;ve got to admit , &quot; well , i &apos;m going to die to die , &quot; and then i thought , &quot; well , i &apos;m going to die for years , but i &apos;m going to die . &quot;
i came up with george burns , who was a performance in las vegas in las vegas .
one night the gate was going on .
he opens the door .
he sees beautiful showgirl .
she looks at her and says , &quot; i &apos;m here for super sex . &quot;
george says , &quot; can i get a beautiful soup ? &quot;
i was working on a goal as a doctor , and that evolution was completely different than the opposite of evolution .
i was trying to protect the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to improve disease .
i wanted to be healthy and long .
evolution is going to be able to adapt to the generations to the next generation of the future , and to survive in life .
we &apos;re like , in an evolutionary perspective , and i &apos;m going to be able to go to the sea to go to the next saturn , and to go to the sea and to go to the sea .
woody allen : i think we all understand -- i think we &apos;re all going to get it . &quot;
i want you to see it . &quot;
evolution is literally the longest yaşayanı .
it &apos;s the biggest , or the most güçlüyü or the most akıllıyı or the most akıllıyı .
we &apos;re going to make the best fit of life in evolution .
this is the only example of survival and purpose .
the bacteria who love the ocean beneath the ocean , because of the heat that comes out of the steam store , and i can tell you what it means in the past , and when we think about it , we &apos;re going to tell you that there &apos;s a lot of possibilities in the past that we &apos;re going to see the next step , and we &apos;re going to take the next step .
first of all , we &apos;ve got a kind of balance .
now , human evolution will stop .
and the reason for this is because we &apos;ve been able to get rid of a lot of genimizi drugs that we &apos;ve been able to protect , and we &apos;ve moved as much as the environment as we can , and we adapt to the environment as we can , and we adapt to the environment , and we need to connect each other to each other .
the second possibility is that the natural kind of evolution is being driven by forces of nature .
the debate here is that the process is very severe .
as long as it is under way , it is going to be possible that , as a species , we will be able to change the isolation and environmental changes that are inherently occurring in the natural way .
but there is a third possibility , which is an exaggeration , büyüleyen and unstoppable .
the evolution of evolution is a way that we have to guide ourselves as individuals who don &apos;t understand evolution , and that we have a way to choose .
how did that happen ?
how is it possible to do that ?
in real terms , people in some cultures can make choices about children today .
in some cultures , parents in some cultures choose to be more empowered than boys .
it &apos;s not an opportunity for society to do so , but individuals and families prefer that direction .
imagine that if you had a simple choice of simple sex , you could have genetic changes to improve your body disease or to protect your body disease .
if we don &apos;t have the sugar disease and alzheimer &apos;s disease , how do we reduce the risk of cancer , reduce the risk of the disease ?
did you want to do that with your genlerinizde ?
if we look into the future , these kinds of choices are becoming more likely .
the human genome project started in 1990 , and it took about three to three years .
it &apos;s about $ 2.7 billion .
a year later , you could do three to four months in the same business in 2004 .
now , you can get a $ genome at the base of the üçmilyar genome , and you can get it in a week .
it &apos;s going to cost 1,000 dollars , and it &apos;s going to be possible to get a gene map that everyone can reach .
a week ago , the national academy of engineering sponsored the two scientists -- francis arnold and willem stemmer -- who also developed an independent study that speed up the natural nature of evolution , and that &apos;s a work that allows him to reach more effectively than the desired proteins that have been called &quot; evolution , &quot; and the desire to make &apos; and arnold .
a few years ago , the ödülü award scientist shinya yamanaka was able to change the way that the adult skin cell could change the size of a cell cell cell , changing the four genes .
we can do our own immune system , not only against them , but also the immune system to protect our immune system .
believe it or not , it &apos;s going to continue to work with a material that &apos;s in the cells of the tobacco industry , to build a vaccine against flu .
can you imagine that a good thing can be done ?
these are the facts today and the future will be more likely .
they &apos;re going to take cells from your body .
and you can imagine , you know , what about the cells ?
or if you have a chance to change the sperm and the yumurtayı , or the way you can change your child , you can change the risk of sugar disease and the risk of a healthier life in your child .
who wants a healthier child ?
and then we get a better memory for the same kind of the same kind of analytical technology , which is possible for us to be able to do a better memory with hastalıklardan diseases .
why is it that ken jenniings had a chance to have a new watson machine , especially if he had a little faster , faster and longer koşmanızı machine ?
why are they longer ?
they &apos;re going to be konulamaz .
and on the next generation , we &apos;re going to be able to change the evolution of the old kind of evolution of the old kind of evolution that we &apos;re carrying out when we &apos;re in our hands .
it &apos;s going to take 1,000 years to take a thousand years , maybe 100 years or 100 years .
do we use these options to make society better ? more successful , more gentle .
or are we going to make the different characteristics that we just want for some of us to make society more boring or more empowered , more resourceful ?
we have to face questions .
and seriously , are we going to be the heir to wisdom that will make it wise for us to make it wise ?
it &apos;s better or worse for the worse , and it &apos;s also going to depend on us recently .
thank you .
now , i want you to imagine that you can imagine that you &apos;re going to give you a giysi-robot , or you can get up in your wheelchair , or you can get up to your wheelchair .
we call them &quot; robot dış-iskeletler . &quot;
these are actually kalktığınızda on the morning , and it &apos;s going to help you to give you extra support , and it &apos;s actually going to help you in the context of the human and the machine .
it &apos;s not just that you &apos;re going to do that with the world and the other equipment that you can &apos;t use with them , but also with them .
this is not just a product of imagination .
and it &apos;s clearly clear to us soldiers who have been talking to us about the average 100 pounds of this thing , which is that it &apos;s going to take you on the average of 100 pounds , which is , you know , a lot of the u.s. soldiers , like this , and it &apos;s a team of 30 -- 30 percent of them .
and we thought , well , we should take this issue and help us address this problem and help solve this problem .
i &apos;m going to ask you now to meet the &quot; comprehensive burden of charge for people &quot; .
the burden on asker dış-iskeleti and the burden on different types of arazilerde were frozen .
it allows it to allow flexible design , collapse , sürünme and çeviklik .
what i want to do is get the power and power that i want to go wherever i want to go .
we &apos;re ready to put this device together with our company partner and this this year .
so , this is a real event .
now let me just take a look at something that i &apos;m really excited about : a wheelchair .
it &apos;s estimated that there are 68 million people in a wheelchair on earth .
that &apos;s about one percent of the population .
this is an optimistic prediction .
we &apos;re talking mainly about the baharında , the baharında , the lu , the duvara , the duvara , and we &apos;re talking about gençlerden teenagers , who are the only çareleri sandalye .
the older population , however , is increasing .
and in the case of a stroke or another , the only option is in the wheelchair .
and that &apos;s what we &apos;ve been able to do since being used successfully in the last 500 years .
so we thought we needed to create a new page on mobility .
now i want to introduce you to the spinal ward about 19 years ago , and as a result of that , i &apos;d like to introduce the system that we &apos;ve ever seen -- and i want to introduce the sistemini system that we &apos;ve ever seen .
thank you .
so , you can see , you know , we &apos;re going to focus on amanda .
it has sensors .
we don &apos;t give the body to the body on the couch that sends signals from the control control control unit on the back of amanda .
there &apos;s also a battery box that runs the motors on the kalçaları and the knee , and these allow it to move in a simple and natural way .
when i was skiing skiing , i was the age of 24 , and i was 24 years old , and i was formumun .
suddenly , i started my hissetmemeye hissetmemeye .
and shortly after that , a doctor came in in the hospital , and he said , &quot; amanda , unfortunately , i &apos;m more yürüyemeyeceksin . &quot;
it was 19 years ago .
at that moment , the doctor was all söndürdü .
since then , i &apos;ve learned to ski again because of technology , and i &apos;ve learned how to ski to the rock , and even to drive .
but i couldn &apos;t invent anything that could be able to be able to make my mind , which so far .
thank you .
and you can see , we have the platforms that we have to sit with you and discuss issues .
everything is us . we have the potential to change the lives of the future generations . we just have the potential of soldiers or amanda , but not everybody &apos;s life .
thank you .
in new york , the development of a nonprofit organization called robin hood is the development of a nonprofit organization .
if we can save poverty , we will be trained as a volunteer firefighter .
right now , i &apos;m going to get volunteers , volunteers , who are trained to be educated , and you have to go to the fire area .
i remember the first one .
it was the second thing that i had in my mind , so i had a high chance to get involved in it .
but nevertheless , there was a huge challenge to try and figure out what was going on in the head of the other volunteers , and to figure out what was happening .
he had a very quiet conversation with the host of the house , while the host was probably the worst day in his life .
in the middle of the night , he stood standing below the rain , under the şemsiyenin , the yalın , the evi , the house , the house fires .
the other volunteer , let me just go back to the point before , and come on to call it lex martin -- and i was asked to go in and find the dog &apos;s dog .
the dog ! it &apos;s kalakaldım .
a lawyer who was there , or somebody who was running money , was able to go back to the rest of his life and saved a living creature , because he had a living creature in five seconds .
i came in .
the captain called me .
he said , &quot; well , i want the hackers to go home .
i &apos;m going to get up , and i &apos;ll kill the flames , and i want to take a pair of shoes from this woman . &quot;
i swear to him .
i mean , it wasn &apos;t what i hope , but i went , i went on the stairs , i went to the rest of the corridor , and i went to the alevleri , and i went to the bed room for a pair of shoes .
i know what you &apos;re thinking , but i &apos;m not a hero .
when i cut the burden on my hand , i cut down the stairs , where i was i met , and it was the değerli dog .
we took the hazinelerimizi house , and naturally , it attracted much more attention than me .
a couple of weeks later , the department took a letter to the house , and he thanked us for the efordan .
he had a not behavior on other things : someone had brought him to his shoes .
i was also a volunteer fellow in the görevimde , robin hood , and i witnessed a huge scale of generosity and kindness , but i also witnessed virtue and cesarete .
and you know what ?
it &apos;s all important .
and when you &apos;re looking at a lot of success in this room , you &apos;re looking at people who are going to have a success or to catch up , and you can &apos;t offer you .
you don &apos;t expect to get the first time to make a change in somebody &apos;s life .
if you have a chance to give up , let me now .
serve in the evinde house , a park in a park .
be a mental person .
every day a person will lose their chances of rescue , but every day it gives us an opportunity to influence a person .
then take action ; buy shoes .
thank you .
mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i came from a community of more and more human secrets .
so this is a place where women have started to perform themselves , to say hello , that that day , we have sex with sexual sex and a place where fun is a serious business .
no , that &apos;s not the place where you &apos;re going to be in san francisco or san francisco .
i &apos;m not going to tell you , and i &apos;m going to die .
this is the world of the dünyası forest in the congo jungle .
along with other chimpanzees , the bonobo is the closest to you .
this is a evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
now , chimpanzees are biliniyorlar biliniyorlar .
but the sad thing is , when the evolution of the human evolution is defined , it really doesn &apos;t matter .
but the bonobo tells us the other side of the moon .
the chimps are surrounded by the hakimiyeti of the great scary men , and they &apos;re yönetilmektedir by females .
these guys are really going to be able to do something , because this has led to a very high toleransa community that has yet to be lost .
but unfortunately , the bonobo is the anlaşılanı of the monkey species .
they live in the heavens of the congo jungle , and so it &apos;s very difficult to study them .
the congo has an extraordinary biological diversity and beauty , but it was also the claim that the mass clashes and the sahnesi of the dark conflict , which took place for decades , took place in the wild conflict and around the world war ii .
it &apos;s not surprising that it &apos;s going to be endangered in survival of this destruction .
meat and forests mean that we &apos;re going to be able to go into a small stadium in the rest of the world -- and to be honest -- and we &apos;re not sure to be honest .
yet , you can hear this violent and chaos on the ground , and you can hear the hidden secret on the ground .
who is that ?
we know them as the monkeys , because they &apos;re the monkeys , because they &apos;re very frequent , and they &apos;re going to be able to control the conflict , and to solve social issues .
now , i &apos;m not saying that this is a solution to all the problems of humanity -- because there &apos;s more than kama in your life than in your life .
the bonobo , like humans , like playing games throughout all their lives .
the game is not just for children .
for us , for them , the game is a temeldir for the creation of the game and the artımak .
the game is where we learn from game rules .
the game is going to increase creativity , it increases the game , and the game is about the diversity of the whole generation -- the diversity of neural diversity .
and you &apos;re going to see the gülüşü of the oyunun of the game , the dance and the dance of mankind and the dance of mankind .
it &apos;s a tutkaldır that keeps us together .
now , i don &apos;t know what you &apos;re looking at , but i want you to give me a couple of acres of emsalsiz in the wild .
first of all , this is a bonobo ball , and i mean , i don &apos;t mean it .
here we have a young female and a male in the kovalamaca game .
look at what it does .
it has to be an old deyimin origin , &quot; he has caught it . &quot;
i think male is pretty happy , right ?
yeah .
now , the sex game is both in the people and the bonobolarda .
and this video is really interesting , because it shows that this video is really interesting , because it shows you the ability to bring things that are not used to play , and it &apos;s also the great fun , and it &apos;s also how the game needs it .
but it &apos;s something that changes the form of play .
but the game is changing , and it can go into a lot of ways , and some of them can be more haya , more haya , more haya , more meraklı .
and i want you to see , this is a young female , a young female , and he &apos;s playing with her quietly .
and i think , like , we &apos;re sometimes tekbaşına , and we &apos;re going to change the borders of our inner and external world .
and this is a kind of curiosity that we &apos;re going to investigate us , interact with us , and then the connections we build , and then the connections that we build .
these are the little tatlandırıcılar that we have in our past and our current history .
but they also need greater creativity and greater collaboration in the future , because we need to adapt the secrets of our future to an increasing world that we need in our future .
the secret is that the game is the key to all this .
in other words , the game is the wild of our civilization .
we need to play the game in a way that can successfully adapt to the world .
but are we going to do most of the time ?
it &apos;s not meaningless .
if you don &apos;t have the game , you don &apos;t .
life for the bonobo and for humans is not just the tooth and the tırnaktaki .
when the game is most unnecessary , it may be the most essential time .
and here , my primate akranlarım , let &apos;s get rid of this hediyeyi that comes out of the evrimden , and the creativity , the friendship and the merağı .
thank you .
two couples i want you to imagine in the middle of 1979 doing the same day in the same day as two babies -- ok .
each of these two pairs makes a baby .
i don &apos;t want you to imagine the part of the only baby making a lot , because i don &apos;t spend a lot of time thinking about it .
now imagine that moment .
and in this scenario , i want you to imagine that , in this case , i want you to carry the sperm sheet , the sperm x kromozomuyla .
and in other example , the sperm x contains the sperm x kromozomuyla .
it &apos;s alive , it goes on the road .
we &apos;ll go back to these people again .
i &apos;m wearing two strands of things i do in general .
and in this case , i make the explorers history .
i &apos;m one of my history studies , and my work in this area is how people share people -- and i mean how people are interested in human beings -- they &apos;re thinking about the way they look at the human and animal bodies .
as an activist in the other şapkayı , as an activist , as an activist -- or sometimes , as i say -- i &apos;m using a sabırsız -- i use for people who are patients .
in these cases , the body forms of the people that i work with are challenges .
so some of the people i &apos;ve been working with , for example , in a single body , two people , one in one body .
some of the people i work with are people who are very short of the cüce .
and the people that i &apos;m working with are the people who have a lot of work -- namely , the standard male or the standard woman &apos;s body .
we use a terimini term for this .
there are many different forms of formda .
i &apos;m going to give you a couple of examples of gender and women who do not meet standards .
in part one of them , you have a birisi chromosome , and the y kromozomunda gene has a gene gene , which is the gen , which says , you know , we all have the scrotum .
and so they &apos;re starting to get ceninken testistler .
but the lack of these separate transfers cannot be ignored by the body reaction .
and this is called androjen syndrome .
many levels have testosterone , but there &apos;s no reaction .
and as a result , the body is more kadınsal .
the baby was born when she was born .
he was like a girl and a girl .
and this girl is going to go on until the age of teenagers , and the girl grows and the girl grows , and he &apos;s starting to grow , but he &apos;s going to see what he &apos;s going to do here .
and to understand it , the test is starting to be implemented , and it &apos;s in the body , and it has a rahim , and it has a y , and it has a y .
now the key thing to do is to remind you that these guys are actually male , but they &apos;re not men .
women , like men , have structures called vücutlarımızda böbreküstü .
it &apos;s the back of our body .
and the kidney is going to produce bezleri androjen , so the hormone hormone .
so many women like me -- i accept myself as a typical woman -- but i don &apos;t know if i &apos;m going to be a kromozomsal , but i think i &apos;m probably a typical person -- i &apos;m like , actually , a lot of women .
we &apos;re building our androjen , and we respond to the androjenlere .
as a result , someone like me has an open brain that has more access to women than those who are born in the testislerle .
so the gender work is really complex , and there &apos;s not only a gender between all of these sex subjects , but there &apos;s no other gender .
another example , a couple of years ago , called me a aradı man , who was a man who was born as a man , who was a man who was born as a girl , and she was learning to have a little bit of life and a short time ago , and she had a short time ago and his uterus .
but there &apos;s an extreme situation , and there &apos;s a situation called doğuştan bezi fazlalığı .
it &apos;s got a lot of xx , and the main rahmindeyken , the böbreküstü , worked too much and it &apos;s actually created a hormon hormone .
and as a result of that , sexual organs were erkeksileşmiş , and they had a lot more erkeksi than they were .
and i was born like a man -- no one liked anything .
and until that age of 19 , it went on , but then some medical problems started to live in an internal regli , and doctors would be able to tell the reason why this young man was born .
all right , i &apos;m going to go to another example you might be about to you .
some of the people who have the chromosome , the part of the chromosome , are geliştirirler , so they have cervical dokunuz , and they &apos;re going to be surrounded by cervical scrotum .
we don &apos;t really know why this is .
in short , we have a very different approach .
it wants these kids to be vücutlarla , whether they don &apos;t like it or not , or cinsiyetler -- which is usually the tıbben , but they tend to feel psychological .
in many cases , these people are very excited .
the reason why we &apos;re going to work in operations is because we don &apos;t have a threat to social well-being .
or in general , the system is going to emerge from certain types of anatomilerin .
there &apos;s a woman who has a woman &apos;s identity to have a woman &apos;s identity , to be african-american , to be african-american .
so we have a very , very simple idea .
and when we faced a vücutla , it tells us something much different than that , because of that katogorilendirmeden .
so our culture has a lot of romantic ideas .
and it &apos;s actually built on the idea of a very romantic bireysellik in our country .
you can imagine how it started . you can imagine that your children are born when you &apos;re two people .
i ended up with this fiery situation last year , when i joined the south african runner in berlin on the subject of an international debate on the international conference in berlin .
so many journalists ask me , &quot; what test will i do to understand that &apos; is a male or woman ? &quot;
and i had to explain to reporters that there was no test .
now we know that gender is not enough , and the women in nature and the men and the women and the women , and the women and the women , or the gender and gender , are actually us , and we are in fact , in nature .
now we &apos;ve come to a komuma that we have to think of ourselves as our static anatomik , which we have to admit to ourselves as a static kimlik , which is much more complex than these categories we &apos;ve created .
and that &apos;s not just gender .
it &apos;s also race as race , which is much more complicated than allowed to be allowed .
we &apos;re going to go to places where we &apos;re far more uncomfortable .
for example , 95 percent of our dna dna is the same with chimpanzees .
is it just a few nükleotit that makes us different from them ?
and as we get in the science and science , we &apos;re going to get into a much more disturbing point where we need to accept the fact that we &apos;re simply preparing a little bit of the kategorilerin categories of categories .
and we see this in every aspect of human life .
for example , another example of what we see in our culture today is the beginning of life and debate .
we have different visions about how the body is going to be able to be right in the sense that it is different .
now , when one of them died -- probably as open as in medicine -- we &apos;re probably discussing very hard issues .
so , when our ancestors died in the past , this question was so cebelleşmiyorlardı .
and the percentage of the people , the tüy , is that if you don &apos;t like the mycelium , you can get the mycelium .
they &apos;re not going to be kıpırdamazda .
but today , we &apos;re asking people to take this very difficult question , and we &apos;re going to take this very difficult question , and it &apos;s going to take us into a lot more difficult , much more difficult in the simple categories that we &apos;ve done before .
now , many of you might think that these bozulan categories make someone happy like me .
i &apos;m a political analyst , savunuyorum people who are not normal , but i have to admit that i &apos;m even worried about that .
i think that there are much more variable than we think of these categories .
and you can &apos;t think of me as the point of view of democracy .
so to give you all these tensions , i must tell you that i &apos;m a great fan of the american builder .
i know they &apos;re irkçı and they &apos;re making gender choices , but they don &apos;t .
so i &apos;m very bold and very brave , and that &apos;s why i &apos;m watching a few years of uyduruk , and i &apos;m watching &quot; 1776 , &quot; not just because of the müziğinden music .
in &apos; , america is what it is .
my opinion is , the founders of the united states , the original anatomikal , that &apos;s why .
what they rejected was değiştirdiler and changed it with another thing , and that beautiful radikallik took us for 200 years .
the concept , which all of you have refused to do , is to define the concept of a very simple set of anatomi and monarşi .
the kralları of the ancient world has been habersizdi , but they have the concept of the rights achieved .
they had the concept of aristokrat .
they had the idea that people who could be able to change the power of the people who could be in the political power would have the idea that they had to be able to get out of this force .
they rejected the idea , and they changed it in another anatomiksel , and this concept was the equivalent of all the people .
and they decided that they were not going to be able to play the field of play , and rather than the differences that were important . and that was a very radikalce movement .
now they did some of this because it was a symbol of the aydınlanma system that was growing together .
and at the same time , it &apos;s the same as the yükselirken , and it &apos;s in science .
and this is very clear , if you look at the history of many , many of them are interested in science , and you &apos;ll see that the world is about the world .
açıklamalardan statements , and we can make concepts like doğumla supernatural power that won &apos;t be achieved .
we &apos;re not going to be able to get a sense of consciousness .
if you look at the independence of independence , you &apos;ll see the nature of nature and nature .
you don &apos;t talk about the nature of god and god .
they talk about nature &apos;s strength to tell us who we are .
so part of that was about the similarities that they chose to give us .
and in the future , they did this in a very nice way that they could move into their human rights movements .
we don &apos;t know that it &apos;s going to be that way , but for us , we &apos;ve done this .
so what happened then ?
for example , the women who want to have the right to vote , according to the women who say , &quot; don &apos;t have the fact that we don &apos;t have the right to vote , and we don &apos;t have the right to make sure that we don &apos;t have the right to be , and we don &apos;t have the right to have the property . &quot;
and women discussed that .
and then the human rights movement came up , and we found people like sojourner truth who said , &quot; i &apos;m female . &quot;
and the front front of the human rights movement is the familiar man who says , &quot; i &apos;m erkeğim . &quot;
again , the color of the people , the renkleri , once again won a successful winner .
we saw the same thing in the exercise of disabilities .
so the problem here is , we started to question why we &apos;re starting to see the similarity .
now notice , i want you to do a certain amount of representation in your culture .
for example , i don &apos;t want to give a fish to a man &apos;s right .
i don &apos;t mean it &apos;s completely vazgeçtik .
i don &apos;t want to be able to wear the five yaşındakilere or the right to marriage .
we have certain anatomik , like gçrüğünüz , which means that we need to make sense .
but what &apos;s hard to do here is that what &apos;s going to happen is that what we need is what we need to do , what we need to do .
let &apos;s go back to those two double couples that make my talk .
they &apos;ve got two çiftimiz , they &apos;ve made babies in the middle of the year in the 1976 , the same day .
one of them was , mary , three months early , so he was born on january 1st 1980 .
on the other hand , henry was born on april 1st 1980 .
mary has three months ago because he had been appointed as olarak , three months ago -- to vote for iznine , like alcohol and alcohol .
so , for all of this , henry has to wait , not because it &apos;s biological , but because it &apos;s a different age .
we also found other things about what &apos;s going on .
henry , because he &apos;s only a man -- i don &apos;t tell you that he &apos;s not going to have his hair -- i &apos;m not just going to be responsible for the sake of being a man , but i don &apos;t even need to do that .
mary , meanwhile , doesn &apos;t have henry , all of the states . for example , the right .
henry was a woman with all state states , mary is just a few in the states today .
and you can see , there are problems in many ways , and we still have a lot of anatomik .
and i &apos;m going to ask the question , what are we going to do when we &apos;re going through the science of science that we &apos;re going to be doing so well , and we &apos;re going to go to a point where we &apos;re going to go into the parts of democracy ?
i don &apos;t want to give up science , but i feel like i &apos;m going to be under the science of science .
where do we go ?
and what happened in our culture seems like a kind of pragmatic attitude : &quot; okay , we have to draw these lines , so we can put these lines into a place . &quot;
but many people face strange situations .
for instance , at one point , texas has decided to have a erkekle to get married to a guy , and you have to have y kromozomuna to get married .
they don &apos;t do tests in practice in practice .
but it &apos;s very strange for me at the beginning of the androjen that i said at the beginning .
if we look at the founders of the modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , he says , &quot; i have a dream . &quot;
he tells us , &quot; you know , you &apos;re going to see that you &apos;re going to go even further than you can say , &quot; you know , you &apos;re going to be able to see people .
and i mean , &quot; oh , it looks like a really good idea . &quot;
but how do you do that in practice ?
how do you treat people according to their characters ?
and i &apos;m also not sure how to emphasize the rights of the people , because i &apos;m not sure the dogs of some golden retriver , i know , have to admit that dogs in some of the other people have a lot more social service .
and i &apos;m thinking , well , i &apos;m going to think of some of the sarı , brilliant and mature decisions that i know about sexual behavior , which i know about sexual behavior .
so how do we make the content of the character ?
it looks like a very difficult job .
and it &apos;s also wonder that a character is going to become the content of the future in the future -- for example , with mri ?
so , how do you really want to move to this point ?
i &apos;m not sure where you &apos;re going .
and when i know what i know , it &apos;s very important to think about the problem that america leads to leadership .
we &apos;ve done very well in the fight against democracy , and i think we &apos;re going to do good jobs .
we don &apos;t have an environment like iran , for example , if we hear the gender of another men when they hear the sexual desire of sexual exploitation , otherwise the death penalty is being applied .
we have no such conditions .
i &apos;m happy that there &apos;s no such conditions as this -- a couple of years ago i talked to you just to make the names of a name .
but when i was talking about the phone , i asked her why he gave her a risky surgery , so he had to do a very bad surgery in their country , so he had to do it .
i was like , &quot; well , do you get the right to pursue political asylum instead of ayırma ?
the american people offer incredible opportunities to the people of america , allowing them to change them .
so i think we should be within leadership .
so before i finished my talk , i &apos;d like to explain to you about what i mean .
and i want you to ask me to think about what &apos;s going on , whether that &apos;s what democracy looks like or what it looks like .
and i want to tell you a little bit about a feminist , and i want to tell you that there &apos;s a little bit of a human group that has a different kind of anatomiler of views within a human group .
now i &apos;m interested in konularıyla issues , and i &apos;m also interested in gender change research .
and the other thing that i &apos;m particularly interested in is differences about the idea and the worldview between the men and the world .
and the women in the kültürel cultural studies , the women on average -- they &apos;re not all willing to be more attentive to social relationships , and they &apos;re much more comfortable in human relationships than in a group .
if we think about this right , we have a very interesting situation .
years ago , when i was a master &apos;s master , one of my students who knew that i was a feminist -- i was still in the feminist row -- she asked me a very strange question .
he said , &quot; tell me what you &apos;re talking about . &quot;
i thought , &quot; this is the stupidest question i &apos;ve heard in my life . &quot;
i mean , there &apos;s nothing to do with the assumptions that we &apos;re talking about , so that we don &apos;t have anything to do with our brains . &quot;
but when i was thinking about the question , i started thinking about something that could happen to me .
and so , you know , there &apos;s something in the women &apos;s brain that is different from the brain of the male brain , and it makes us more responsive to social relationships , and we &apos;re more vulnerable to our lives .
and yet , in america , we were very keen to protect individuals , if we had more mothers to do that , if we didn &apos;t know how much more mothers were going to be able to protect each other .
maybe what we need to do in the future is that this is the place that we have to move beyond democracy -- we think more about the bodies of individuals in the body of individuals .
so we humans are capable of creating more perfect units , what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i &apos;m jessi and this is my valizim .
but before i show you what happened , i &apos;ll admit something , and i &apos;m going to talk about it .
i love finding out , and i &apos;m going to find out , and i &apos;m going to take pictures of my blog , and i &apos;m writing a blog , and i &apos;m writing a blog .
but i didn &apos;t buy anything new .
i take the second hand and the second hand of my money and save it .
ayy , thank you .
the second hand allows me to reduce the impact of the çevre and the surrounding environment .
every time you get to the perfect people , you &apos;re not going to spend a lot of money with money ; you &apos;re usually going to go to a good place ; and that &apos;s the exchange of the exchange for me .
what am i going to do today ? i say .
will it be my case ?
can you color color ?
will it be under 20 dollars ?
if all the answers are yes , i feel like i won .
i want to go back to the valizime and i &apos;m going to show you what i &apos;m going to do for this exciting week at ted .
who brings it together ?
so i &apos;m going to show you exactly what i &apos;m going to do .
that &apos;s all seven pairs i &apos;ve brought .
that &apos;s exactly what i put in a week of internal çamaşırı .
when i was wearing a drink , i went into bahise springs .
and you know , what you &apos;re going to call me around ted is an inner kadındım -- that means that i found a couple of things .
and now i want to show you a week that i &apos;m going to get enough .
sounds good ?
and when i &apos;m doing this , i &apos;m going to tell you a couple of stories of life , or don &apos;t believe , no one &apos;s new .
let &apos;s start with sunday .
i call it a brilliant tiger .
you don &apos;t have to spend a lot of money to look great .
it &apos;s almost always about 50 dollars an extraordinary amount .
all of these kıyafetin , including ceket , cost me 55 dollars , and that was the most pahalısı of all week .
monday : color should be strong .
it &apos;s almost impossible to be in a bad mood with a bright red pants .
if you &apos;re wrong , you &apos;re going to ask yourself to be happy .
tuesday : we were in compliance with the compatible rapprochement .
i &apos;ve spent a lot of my life trying to become myself , and i &apos;ve spent the same time working in harmony .
it &apos;s just that .
if you don &apos;t get to the right person , you can get to understand this , if you can do it .
on wednesday : the çocuğu child will not be able to eat .
sometimes people are telling me that they &apos;re going to play a lot of games , or they &apos;re going to be able to tell them about seven years old .
i like to laugh and say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
thursday : the most important thing is to trust itself .
if you think you &apos;re good at something , you certainly don &apos;t care .
and if you think you &apos;re not good at something , you probably don &apos;t care .
this day i grew up with a mom who said , &quot; i grew up this day . &quot;
but i understood what that meant , but when i was 30 years old .
and i &apos;m just going to do this for a second .
if you believe you &apos;re a beautiful person inside and outside , there &apos;s nobody to get your eyes .
so there &apos;s no mazeretimiz in this audience .
and when we &apos;re going to talk about it , we &apos;re going to get rid of it .
thank you .
friday : a universal truth -- five words for you -- you can &apos;t make a golden pullu .
and finally , saturday : it &apos;s a great way to develop your own personal personal design to say something about all the words on the world .
i was again back this week and again , and i was back to me again , and i had a lot of people , and they were very beautiful .
it obviously doesn &apos;t work in my little valizime .
before i go home to brooklyn , i can &apos;t forget everything .
because this week , i &apos;m going to allow myself to go to my class learning class .
i don &apos;t need to be emotionally obsessed with this , because , always , every corner , there &apos;s a çılgınca , colorful , giysiler clothes , and if i look at it , i &apos;m going to take a little bit of love .
thank you very much .
thank you .
everyone , good evening .
and there &apos;s something i want to show you .
think of it as a piksel .
we call it smart design .
i &apos;m going to talk a little bit about this .
now , let &apos;s take this picture -- and i was originally born , and every boy in &apos; grew up with this picture , and this picture was going to be very interesting in the past decade .
a time ago , the formula was going to take place to win the 1 racing race , and it would be good for the budget , and you could put it in a car .
and if the car is good enough , it &apos;s the race .
now , today , you need something like this to win the race -- you need the car in real time , you get the car , and that &apos;s a system that gives you the application of a number of sensör , and that information is going to allow you to go back to the actual zamanlı of real time .
engineering is called a real-time control system .
it &apos;s basically a system that has two components -- a sense of perception and an operating component .
what &apos;s interesting today is that the real real-time control systems are involved in our lives .
our cities , our cities , are connected with networks , electronics .
they &apos;re like outdoor computers .
and we can react in different ways , like computers in the open air , and in different ways .
it &apos;s a very important situation if you don &apos;t like it .
i want to talk about a side subject as a side subject , which is only two percent of our cities , but the world is ellisini percent .
they generate yetmişbeşini percent of energy consumption -- they &apos;re responsible for sekseninden percent of co2 emissions .
if you don &apos;t have anything about it , it will be important .
beyond the cities , all of these perceptions and operating components affect objects that are used daily .
this was a sergidendir at moma during the summer .
&quot; talk with me &quot; .
objelerimiz , our environment , started talking to us .
in a sense , all the atoms in the outside world have become both a sensor and operating component .
and this is a radical way that we &apos;re going to get out of the outside of the street as humans .
in a sense , michelangelo &apos;s dream ...
you know , when moses was doing the statue of moses , he was saying , &quot; well , i &apos;m going to take it out of moses , &quot; and he said , &quot; you know , i &apos;m going to take a look at moses , &quot; and he said , &quot; why don &apos;t you parli your perché ? why ? &quot;
for the first time today , our environment started talking to us .
and i &apos;m going to show you a few examples of the idea of perception and operation .
let &apos;s start with perception .
the first project that i want to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
it was in italy a year and a half ago .
and what we &apos;re doing there is , actually , the whole world is distributed -- the mobile phone network -- a new network that &apos;s new , and the operator is trying to figure out how it works in the city , using anonymous and kümelenmiş information .
we were lucky -- 2006 .
he won the world cup .
some of you remember it , and italy was with france , and it was finally a player who was zidane .
anyway , he finally won the italya .
now , i want to take attention to those who just look at the network .
here you see the city .
you see colosseum , and you see the nehri river .
the game was the morning before .
you see the time line on the top .
they search for people in various places in the afternoon and they move .
the game starts -- there &apos;s silence .
france is making a goal . italya scored .
it &apos;s the first half , people are looking for somebody and they don &apos;t need the toilet needs .
the second half is the normal stage .
the first half of them , the second half .
it &apos;s the memory of zidane .
he gets italya . yeah !
everybody went to the center center to celebrate that night .
you see the big density on the table .
the next day , the takımı team gathered in downtown the city centre to meet the prime minister .
and then everybody went down to the lower side of the map .
here you see this place called massimo massimo , the people in rome , who have been here since the roman conquest -- a big party , and you see a big party at the end of the day .
it &apos;s just one of the examples that we can use to detect this city , and we can &apos;t do that a few years ago .
let &apos;s give you an example of the perception of perception : it &apos;s not about these people , but what we &apos;re using is about the crops we consume .
today we know where we &apos;re coming from today .
this map shows where a mac is coming from all the senses and how it works .
but we know little about where these things go .
we &apos;ve developed little tags that are moving into the system in this project , and we &apos;ve developed little tags .
we started this project about a year ago , and we started with a couple of volunteers in seattle who helped us make their clothes -- you can see a variety of things that it &apos;s eaten -- you can see these things already .
and then we put a little chip , a little tag , put it on top of it .
these are the results that we get .
seattle from seattle
a week later .
we found that the system was very inefficient .
we can actually make the same thing much less energy .
that wasn &apos;t the data before .
but it &apos;s got a lot of money to do with it .
but we believe that we &apos;re still in a world where we &apos;re eating trash every day .
and we realized that this was a permanent thing that was going on .
by showing people this , we can make a change in our minds .
that was the goal of the project .
my colleague at mit can provide a lot more information about perception and can tell the incredible things that can be done with perception , but i want to go through the second piece , which we &apos;re talking about , and i &apos;m going to move into the environment .
the first project was a couple of years ago in spain .
the mayor of the city begins with us and starts with a beautiful tradition of using water in architecture in spain and south europe .
and the question was : technology , new technology , how do you get this insight ?
one of the ideas that was developed at mit in a study at mit was the vanaları of the açılap , which was about a pipe that was olan .
you create a pitch that &apos;s going to be the pikselleri of water .
you can get the düşerse , you can create shapes , shapes , text , text .
and as you move through , it can be opened up and you can see it in this picture .
we introduced it to mayor belloch .
she loved it .
and we &apos;re designed to design a building that &apos;s on the edge of our bodies .
we call it the digital su of the building .
all the building is made of water .
there &apos;s no gate or window , but you &apos;re going to be able to go inside it .
the roof will be covered by water .
and if you have a little wind , you can get a little bit of the water out of it .
or you can &apos;t go to the building , and you can &apos;t see all of the architecture that &apos;s going on .
these winter days , they go there and tell us that people who go there and visit the building to tell us that people who visit the building are going to go to the building .
no , if you don &apos;t get to the building , you &apos;re not alone in the building of architecture .
you can see how the building works .
here you see people who are trying to learn what happens inside the building .
and i &apos;m trying to ıslanmamaya the water that runs water .
i have to tell you what a night sensors are .
that was even more fun at night .
all the young people in &apos; came to the building because the building had changed .
the building was no longer designed for girmeniz , but it was still delikler holes in the water supply , and it was supposed to be stored in the içerisinden , and it was supposed to be zıplamanız .
it was very interesting for us , because architects , engineers , designers and designers always think about how to use things that we designed .
but it &apos;s an estimate of what &apos;s going to happen in reality .
and this is the ability to do things that are used on the side of the people and interact with them .
this is a building of the building of the binanın , which is the fiziksel of the water , and it &apos;s made up of piksellerin .
and this has given you the project that i &apos;m going to show you now .
imagine this piksellerin uçabildiğini .
imagine you have little helikopterlere that can navigate in the air , and every one of you is a pikselin that &apos;s going to have lights -- like a cloud that can move in space .
here &apos;s video .
so , you can see a helicopter that has been hareket in sync with similar techniques as we &apos;ve seen before .
you can get a cloud like this .
it might be a kind of flexible ekranınız , like this -- a two-dimensional konfigürasyon .
or it &apos;s a regular , three-dimensional , boyutlu thing that changed , not piksellerin .
you can play with a different species .
imagine , suddenly , a variety of different scales or a variety of different scales .
but all of this is the cloud of a three-dimensional piksel cloud , which you can see in the windows and in many ways .
this is what you &apos;ve seen to create the shape of the regular journey that you &apos;ve seen before .
you can see that when you turn the lights on the lights , you know , the same is the same .
and think of each one of them being run by people .
every single time you &apos;re going to be able to control the movement of people &apos;s movements or your behavior .
so for the first time , i &apos;m going to show you something .
we &apos;ve worked with one of the leading ballet musicians today -- the metropolitan and milan scala at the metropolitan and milan scala in new york -- and we put it in 3d .
you can see roberto dancing here .
on the left , you see the pikselleri of the different çözünürlüklerde .
it was a 3d scan , and it was also used in real time .
the whole movement of dolaysıyla is up to the end .
it &apos;s kurabiliyorsunuz .
it is possible to play with them and color and to play with color and color and color and color .
we want to use it as a possible input to do so .
i &apos;d like to show you the latest çaloştığımız project .
it &apos;s something we &apos;re working on for the olympics in london .
it &apos;s called the cloud .
and here &apos;s the idea that we &apos;re going to get people to do things . -- the thing that we call the cloud switch -- it &apos;s like building the cloud , but there &apos;s the cloud .
imagine that everybody contributes to a dream .
and what you think is interesting in recent years is that , in the last decade , we &apos;ve traveled to the physical world in the last decade .
we &apos;ve made all the bilgilerimizi , and we &apos;ve taken this information through the internet .
for the first time -- and this is the first time obama has shown us election campaign -- the digital world , the networks of the networks , we &apos;re making the physical olanına transition .
and we want to use our durumumuzda to design and build the symbol of our lives .
it means something built in a city .
but tomorrow , we &apos;re going to focus on what we &apos;re waiting for today -- think of climate change or co2 emissions -- how we &apos;re going to be able to transition into the physical world .
there was an idea to make people do it collectively .
what a real cloud of cloud is this cloud of the cloud of this cloud of cloud .
and that erosion is a buluttur of water that is oluşan .
it was a physical yapısır in london .
and they can walk around and experience different kinds of experiences .
it &apos;s the most important moments of the 2012 olympics , and then the most important moments of the events , and it could be a serious tool to connect individuals to society .
it &apos;s going to be as if it &apos;s going to be a cloud of the sky , and it &apos;s going to be as much as possible in the sky .
you can &apos;t go into it .
and at night , there will be a new kind of city symbol -- but most importantly , there will be a new experience for everyone who &apos;s going up .
thank you .
it &apos;s very important for me as an artist .
i &apos;m trying to show that people are not separate from nature through their work and that everything is connected .
when i first went to antarctica 10 years ago , i had seen the first time i had ever seen it .
i was fascinated .
when i tried to figure out what was standing in front of me , my heart was fast , i was driving .
it was about 60 meters of water around me , and it was about 60 meters of snow , and when i had a profit of snow over the years , i couldn &apos;t see how it was formed .
it was the mountain of buzdağları , or the ice raflarından , or the koparak oluşurlar .
it has a unique personality .
there &apos;s a different way of communication , and there &apos;s a different way of communication .
some of them are red , and they &apos;re in pain , and some of them are artık , and some of them fall in a dramatic crisis crisis .
it &apos;s easy to think that they &apos;re isolated , they &apos;re isolated and they &apos;re very lonely and they &apos;re very lonely , and we are people like this .
but the truth is that it &apos;s very important .
i &apos;m looking at the ancient atmosphere of the ancient atmosphere .
and a lot of live water that feeds the buzdağı is rich by the rich freshwater .
when i took this picture of the glacier , this glacier was like the portraits of the old family , and i &apos;d like to make them more like this .
it &apos;s not a death , it &apos;s not a death , but it &apos;s not a lot of life .
some of the buzdağları i took picture -- i mean , a few thousand years .
and some of them are about 100,000 years old .
and i &apos;m going to show you the last couple of pictures that i &apos;m going to show you , a picture i took in greenland .
it was very rare to see a düşüşüne of ice .
and here it is .
you can see this little boat left .
this was a bot boat .
and i want to take the tip of the tip of the iceberg .
as you can see , the boat went off the boat , and the guy was standing there , and he was there .
this is the average size of an greenland iceberg .
it &apos;s about 120 feet , or 40 feet , on top .
and this video was taken on the screen .
and so , here &apos;s another side of a buzdağı , which shows you another side .
thank you .
i have a couple of wonderful projects in my life .
but that &apos;s what i &apos;m most excited about .
this is called tempt .
in the &apos; 80s , the name of the &apos; 80s is the sanatçılarındandı sanatçılarındandı .
and one day she came home and said , &quot; dad , i &apos;m ayaklarım . &quot;
and this was the beginning of als .
now tempt is completely paralyzed .
you just move your eyes .
i didn &apos;t tell him .
we have a company that makes design and animation , so clearly , it &apos;s a thing that we admire in the world of art and respect for respect .
and so we decided that tony , ve , and we would sponsor it for it .
and then i went to meet her father and his brother , and &quot; we &apos;ll give you this money .
what are you going to do with money ? &quot;
and his brother said , &quot; i just want you to meet tony .
i just want to communicate with him , and i want him to communicate with me . &quot;
and i said , &quot; wait , stephen hawking , i &apos;ve seen all the paralyzed people , and i &apos;m going to communicate with these devices ? &quot;
and , when his brother said , &quot; no , it &apos;s not very surprising that you can &apos;t do that , but you can &apos;t do that .
these are not the tools that people can make available . &quot;
and i said , &quot; well how do you communicate ? &quot;
did everyone follow the movie &quot; butterfly and diver &quot; ?
so that &apos;s how they set up their fingers , they put their fingers on .
i said , &quot; this is very old . how can this be ? &quot;
i was just a czech , just to write a czech , and i wrote an alien that i had no idea how to fix it .
and then i spoke to her father and her brother , &quot; pekela , here &apos;s the deal : tony will talk , and we &apos;ll find a way to get the art back to it .
because whatever it has to do with the art of the art , it &apos;s not the injustice that you have . &quot;
so a few months later i spoke at a conference .
i met the people who were called grl , and the graffiti research lab , and they were able to put light on the surface , and then they had a laser , and they had the technology to register it , and they had the technology to register it .
so they go somewhere and do art images like this .
everything goes up there , a cycle of life .
it starts with the first sexual organs , and then it starts with sözlerle words , then bush &apos;s itiraflarıdır , and people actually have art for the arts .
but they always had a cycle of life cycle .
so i went home and ate my wife , and at the same time , i was going to talk about this kind of speech , and i said , &quot; well , if we knew that we had the technology to control a second , why would we have a way to control the lazer ?
so our journey started .
and about two years later , about a year later , after many organizations and many things , we had done a couple of things .
we got the gate of the insurance companies , and we got a makinesi machine , which would enable us to communicate with tempt , which would enable us to communicate .
it was amazing .
and that person is one of the most komiklerinden -- i call it the yoda because you &apos;re talking to him , you get an electronic mailbox , and you say , &quot; i &apos;m not valuable . i &apos;m not very surprising . &quot;
the other thing we did is we brought the world from all over the world -- we brought it into the middle of the world .
my wife and my children moved into my backyard , and we moved to the programcılar and the programmers and the programmers and the kittens theories .
so because we did that , many of our friends thought we were definitely stupid , and one day they would be able to get back to the wall of the wall , and they would be able to get back to their place .
but in the same way as two weeks , we went to venice boardwalk , where my children included , including my dog , and we created this .
it &apos;s called gözyazar , and you can see the explanation .
this is a cheap pair of glasses , we bought this in the beach beach , bought a little copper cable , a little bit of material and a little material from radio shack .
we took the ps3 camera , the heklenmiş to open it , and now there &apos;s a cihaz , and now a device can do free , free , free , free , free .
and we certainly did a cihaz device .
no , no , no insurance company .
no , no , no , no .
now , who is paralyzed , and there &apos;s only the way you get your eyes , or you have access to communication .
thank you .
thank you very much friends . that was fantastic .
at the end of the two weeks , we went to &apos; &apos;s room .
i love this picture , because this is someone else &apos;s room and this .
and then it &apos;s a koşuşturmaca to create the product .
and for a year , planning , two weeks programming , karbonhidrat festival and all night oturmaları , tony 7 years later .
and this is an amazing picture , because it &apos;s his life support system , and it &apos;s looking through the system of life support system .
we &apos;ve been able to see what we &apos;re going to see .
and we built the park on the outside of the wall , outside the wall .
and you can just imagine the difference in the way the family and the friends of the family and his friends were in front of them .
and what &apos;s funny is that we were forced to go into parking parking , so that we were completely legally felt to be able to get rid of the graf .
and at the end of that , he sent us a email , and that was the first time they wrote it : &quot; this was the first time in seven years .
it was like i was under the water , and finally someone got me up and got me up , so i could breathe . &quot;
isn &apos;t it amazing ?
this is something like our victory .
that &apos;s what we &apos;re going to carry on , and that &apos;s what makes us go .
and there &apos;s a lot of ways to do it .
this is a very surprising device , but it &apos;s like tahta silinebilen .
one of the potential for artistic potential is more rights .
so we &apos;re in the process of trying to figure out how to do this better , fast , powerful , how to do it .
since then , we have all kinds of information .
we won a lot of awards .
remember , that &apos;s free ; none of us can afford it .
every transaction comes from our perspective .
the awards , &quot; oh , that &apos;s fantastic . &quot;
armstrong makes us laugh , and then in december , time magazine 2010 , magazine magazine honoured us in the best 50 .
so the most beautiful thing about this -- and this is all the çemberi -- this year is called the &quot; art of the streets , &quot; which is going to be in downtown los angeles in downtown los angeles .
and &quot; the art of the streets &quot; exhibition -- performers from the street art -- are good performers -- banksy , shepard fairey , caws -- that &apos;s all going to be there .
it &apos;s going to be tempt . it &apos;s amazing .
what i &apos;d like to tell you is that if you don &apos;t understand it , do it .
everything in this room is impossible -- this is the scene , this is the computer , this is the mikrafon -- it &apos;s impossible .
the hairs in the room -- everybody in this room .
i &apos;m not a programmer , i didn &apos;t do anything about the technology of eye recognition , but i just noticed something , and i found myself interesting , and so we got something interesting .
and when you think about something that needs to be done every day , this question , if you don &apos;t think about it , if you don &apos;t think about it now , when ? and if i don &apos;t , what ?
thank you everybody .
you know , i &apos;m writing for children and probably the most popular child in america , and they &apos;re most likely to read .
and i always say that i &apos;m not always going to be like a scientist .
i would say that we would not be able to be able to sell farmers or deriler , and i would say no one has ever been saved .
i &apos;m going to talk to you today about the secret of circles and some things .
you know , we have to leave the secret to that thing somewhere .
when a block moves forward , it &apos;s a circle of circles .
and this is a friend of mine named richard bollingbroke .
it &apos;s a complex circle that i &apos;m going to talk to you about today .
i was in a high school in my lab in the &apos; 60s , in ohio , in ohio .
every week , i was a kid in the men &apos;s tuvaletinde , and i was able to get it to my life until a teacher was able to get my life .
he saved my life by allowing me to use my parents in her room .
this is three years for three years .
he did it .
and i was now supposed to be in that city .
i had a başparmağım , i had 85 dolarım , and i went to san francisco , california -- i found myself a friend -- and -- i heard about the need for aids in the &apos; 80s .
two or three years ago , i got a phone from the woman in the middle of the night , and i got a telephone from the woman , &quot; i &apos;m going to kill you . &quot;
i &apos;m deeply disappointed to be able to share each other as adults .
please come back to ohio , and please get that male that i know they &apos;ve had so far .
i have to say that you have pancreatic kanseriyim and please keep your hand quick . &quot;
we were in cleveland the next day .
so we looked at it , and we saw that it needs to be kalmaya , and it needs to be a bakımevinde .
we found one , we took it there , and we looked at it , and we got it with the family .
it &apos;s something we know how we can do .
and the woman who wanted to know me as an adult finally turned me into a box of kutu , and i was in charge .
and what happened was that the circle became a circle , and it became a çembere -- and as i mentioned earlier , the secret of the phenomenon .
the secret is that death is part of life .
it was my life , and i was and i was onunkini .
and you know , that part of life needs what the other part needs .
truth and beauty , and i &apos;m very happy , and i &apos;m very happy here .
also , asalet , love and happiness , and it &apos;s our job to give to others .
thank you .
the idea behind the stuxnet computer is quite simple .
we don &apos;t want iran to get a bomb .
their main vehicle for nuclear weapons is the uranium enrichment facility .
these are the gray boxes , real-time control systems .
if we &apos;re going to control these systems that control the speed of work and control and control , we &apos;ll have a lot of problems .
gray boxes don &apos;t use windows software ; they &apos;re completely different .
but when the engineer that uses this gray box , we can use it to create a good windows virus , so that we can use it .
this is the scenario behind &apos; .
so we start with a system that will cut windows .
the main load goes to the gray box , it hurts the santrifüje , and iran &apos;s nuclear programme is delayed -- mission accomplished .
that &apos;s easy , right ?
i want to tell you how to do this .
when we started working on six months ago , this is what it was all about .
the only thing known is the windows part , the düşürücü part of the windows part , which has been used in multiple zeros .
and these gray boxes , they want to do something like this in real time systems .
this took our attention , and we launched a lab project , and we launched the environment and we tried this thing .
and then there was some funny things .
it felt like a mouse , a mouse , like our mouse -- kokladı , but he didn &apos;t want food .
i didn &apos;t make sense .
and then , after the experiments that we do with different styles , i realized that , in this direct attack , it &apos;s a direct attack .
it was completely yönlendirilmiş .
it doesn &apos;t make a difference in the grey box , even if it &apos;s the actual programme that is trying to cross the virus , which is trying to cross the virus , and do something with the gray box .
this took my eyes , and we started working in full-time time , because i thought , we don &apos;t know what it is .
the goal is that power plants in the united states , or in germany , can be a chemical facility .
first of all , we need to find it .
we went to attack the code , and we discovered that we were in reverse , and we discovered that two digital bombs were built .
we &apos;ve also seen that the engineers that have all kinds of information from within the inside have worked .
they knew the inside of the inside .
they knew they were even a shoe trick .
so they knew everything .
and if you think it &apos;s a complicated and high-tech product of &apos; , i &apos;ll tell you that the burden of business is very karmaşıktı .
it was more difficult than anything we saw before .
and you see an example of the real attack .
we &apos;re talking about a kaynak resource .
it looks like a birleştirici language .
and i want to tell you how to make a sense of this .
first of all , what we &apos;re looking at is the system function , because we know what it does .
and then we &apos;re looking at the zamanlayıcılar and the data structures , and we &apos;re going to learn to connect them to the real world -- potential real goals .
so we need a target target of kanıtlayacağımız or çürütebileceğimiz .
in order to get hefef teorilerini , this must be a very heavy goal , a very high , very high goal , and most likely in iran , because it &apos;s the most bulaşmanın .
there are several thousand targets in that area .
we simply left nuclear power plant and the natanz fuel facility .
&quot; müşterilerimizden , all the santrifüf and power plants of all the santrifüf and power plants . &quot;
and i put them on the phone , and i persuaded them to bring them together , and to bring them together , to bring them together .
and it worked well .
the little digital nuclear theme is defined by control .
the wheel is black , which is moving inside the santrifüjün .
and if you could do that with the speed of the çarkın , you could get rid of the çarkı and eventually santrifüjü .
another thing we saw was that the purpose of the attack was that the purpose of the attack was slowly and strangely -- it was clearly seen as the goal of being able to fix the problem .
we had a great digital war title -- we had a chance to look closely at data and data structures .
as an example , the number of 164 corresponds to this code ; it &apos;s the review .
i started with scientific science , and i began to look at how this was actually going on in &apos; , and i looked at how it was , and i looked at it , and i looked at each one of the 164 .
and this came up , and it was a eşleşmeydi .
and then it went better .
in iran , it &apos;s called the yapılara structures , which are called yapılara .
and guess what ?
it &apos;s almost a yapı structure .
so again , this is a good thing .
and this is a very high trust in what we &apos;re interested in .
now , i didn &apos;t get it wrong . it didn &apos;t .
these results came after a few years of work .
and we had to start başlamamız the stalemate .
anyway , we found that both digital wars are not going to be the only one and the same goal , but in different ways .
it was a little bit of the headline of the little war , and it would turn it into a kademeyi , and put them in the top of the big war , and the big war was manipulated .
so , when we find out what the target is , we don &apos;t know about ourselves .
it &apos;s targeted , and it &apos;s just natanz .
so we didn &apos;t have to worry about other goals that could be seen by stuxnet .
there are some things that really affect me here .
down down here , this gray box , and it &apos;s on it .
now , this is what comes out of the way that this thing is doing -- for instance , pressure pressure and vibration -- and it &apos;s going to make the code , which is still working with fake access data during the attack .
and as a result , this is the fake introduction of the fake input data , which has been used by earlier .
so , during robbery like hollywood filmlerindeki , observation cameras were previously recorded with video .
isn &apos;t that cool ?
and the idea here is not just to manipulate operators at the control room .
it &apos;s actually much more dangerous and aggressive .
the idea is to intervene and prevent the digital security system .
we need digital security systems where the operators can get enough quickly .
for example , in a power plant , in an electric power plant , we &apos;re going to be able to be able to go in the tracks , in the release of the tube .
clearly , it can &apos;t be done by the person .
so we need digital security systems .
and when they &apos;re being ignored , then they can be pretty bad things .
it can become patlayacak .
and you can &apos;t do that either or the security system .
this is frightening .
but even worse .
and what this is about is very important .
think about it . this is the general .
it &apos;s not about the specific santrifüjler or the uranium .
so , as an example , they work pretty well in a power plant , or a car factory .
this is something general .
and you don &apos;t have to give it a usb memory with a usb memory .
you can also use traditional solucan technology to grow .
they &apos;re not as much as they can .
and if you do that , then you get a weapon of mass destruction .
that &apos;s the result we have to face .
so , unfortunately , this kind of attacks is not the middle east .
the united states , europe and japan .
all these green areas are rich environments .
we &apos;ve got to start with results , and we need to start with our genes .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , most of the people in the top , think that people are really interested in doing this .
you think like that ?
ralph langler : okay , do you really want to hear that ?
yeah . okay .
i think it &apos;s not going to work in the head , but the leading force is not israel .
the real power behind this is cybercrime .
there &apos;s only one , and this is the united states -- fortunately .
because the other thing that &apos;s going to happen is that our problems would be even bigger .
it &apos;s ralph , you know , to make us so crazy .
in the last few years , i &apos;ve spent a lot of time in a very difficult and very dangerous situation in a way .
i went to prison -- a tough situation .
i worked at a coal mine -- a dangerous situation .
i &apos;ve made it in the battlefield -- it &apos;s a difficult and dangerous situation .
and 30 days , i just spent a while , and it was fun , and it was a little bit of fun , and it turned out to be very dangerous .
in fact , during all my career , i was just going to go through the durumlara situation , and i would look at the social problems , and i would try and make them accessible to the audience and make them accessible to the audience .
i knew that there was a little bit of a conversation that i &apos;d been doing here to review the world of branding and sponsoring the world of branding , and i knew i had to do something a little differently .
i put a billboard on ebay just a few weeks ago , as he heard or never heard .
i had a couple of facebook , and i sent twitter message , and i gave people the opportunity to buy a tedtalk in 2011 .
yes , you heard about it . the lucky person or a company , or a bir institution , or a gütmeyen institution , will not be able to get a title of the talk , which is the topic of the talk that i &apos;m sure you &apos;re going to have , and that &apos;s the topic of what &apos;s going to happen , and that &apos;s the title of the talk that i &apos;m going to talk about .
so what i &apos;ve been proposing is , &quot; you know , i &apos;m going to talk to you about what you &apos;re talking about : and depending on content , you can make you a very difficult state , and you can get you , you know , it &apos;s a difficult condition for you , if you &apos;re sponsoring you .
but with this , this is a very good media opportunity ! &quot;
so how many people are watching this ted talk , you know ?
too much .
and this is the draft of the title .
and despite these warnings , i knew someone would get the right to name .
if you had asked me a year ago , if you did it a year ago , i would not tell you that .
but the new project i &apos;m working at now is that my new film is going to be the marketing world , the marketing world .
and as i said before , i &apos;ve been a little bit berbat for years , but nothing , but nothing , it &apos;s so hard , or it &apos;s so dangerous , so they &apos;re going to talk to these guys .
so , you know , i had an idea to make a film .
what i want to do is make a film that is all about product property , marketing and advertising , and making a film that is completely funded by product cover , marketing and advertising .
and the film will be the &quot; most spectacular film sold &quot; .
and this is the &quot; the most amazing film sold &quot; , and it &apos;s going to be the end of the end , and it &apos;s going to be the first time you &apos;re going to end up in the film , and the name you &apos;re going to see , the name of the x brand .
now this brand can be the qualcomm stadium , or the center center .
these people will be married permanently -- forever forever .
and so the idea is to cover the whole thing -- ( michael kassan : this is unnecessary . what is this unnecessary ? always , forever ?
i &apos;m an unnecessary .
i said that to emphasize more .
it was , &quot; always . forever . &quot;
but if you &apos;re not just sponsoring x brand , you can also be able to see all the kategorileri in the film .
so maybe a shoe can be a shoe , and it &apos;s going to be the most amazing shoe .
or the most amazing film that you see , &quot; the most amazing film sold to the sold , &quot; which is the most amazing car that you can see , is the most amazing .
so , you know , besides the idea that the brands are part of their life , how do they fund their movie ?
and it &apos;s actually how all these things do .
the goal of this whole film is transparency .
you &apos;re going to see all the processes in this film happen .
so this is the overall idea of the whole film .
and i &apos;m very happy that &apos; helped happen .
you know , this is actually weird , because when i first heard it , it &apos;s actually the ultimate honor for a viewer audience .
i don &apos;t really know how much people are going to be against it .
do you have this point of view ? -- i don &apos;t want to use the word for the word , because you know what &apos;s negative -- but you know how it will end ?
how much money is it necessary to do that ?
1.5 million dollars
i think we can talk to them at the meeting , but still , a couple of big , known brand is worth pursuing .
and who knows , maybe , when we come out of our pockets , we &apos;re going to look like a sapan konuşan .
how do you think that answers to this ?
the answers will be &quot; no &quot; .
but do you think this sale is a difficult sale , or is it a difficult sale ?
: : both .
that doesn &apos;t mean anything positive .
so , sir , can you help me ? i need help .
i can help you .
okay .
amazing .
we don &apos;t know what brands will be .
yeah .
look at the people you &apos;re talking about .
there are some places we can .
close the camera .
and i thought , &quot; close the camera , &quot; to make a meeting with a conversation .
in fact , the meaning is , &quot; we don &apos;t want to be really interested in what we &apos;re talking about . &quot;
and as you can see here , one , the whole companies suddenly disappeared .
none of them wanted to do something about this movie .
i was surprised .
they didn &apos;t want to do something about this project .
i was born in the hayretler , because the idea was , the idea was to put it in the most possible way that the most possible person was possible to make it possible .
is it , in the world of today , the new media , the new media , the new media and the parçalanmış media in the world , but not the new distribution of new distribution , the message that the communities can touch the community ?
no , that &apos;s just my story .
but the problem was , as you can see , it had a fatal error , and it was the mistake .
no , it wasn &apos;t that mistake or whatever .
there would be no problem .
it wouldn &apos;t be a problem .
but the problem was that it represented the image .
so , if you do visual search for transparency in google , this is one of the first görsellerden .
yeah , you &apos;re going to have the way to do that , sergey brin ! no .
so this is the problem : transparency and hilekarlıktan are skilled ; b : it &apos;s easy to make a difference : c : c : c : you can easily get a job , and it &apos;s probably the biggest problem , and it &apos;s probably the biggest problem , and it &apos;s probably the biggest problem .
you know , we &apos;ve heard much about transparency lately .
he says he &apos;s saying it , he says him , he says he &apos;s going to tell him .
but when it comes to a reality , it &apos;s suddenly changing .
but why ? in fact , transparency is the kind of weird kükreyen bear .
it &apos;s the prediction of it -- it &apos;s like this strange kır way .
and it &apos;s also very risklidir .
what else do you do ?
eat a great bowl of kase !
that &apos;s very risky !
when i started talking to the companies , and we want to tell them this story , and they said , &quot; no , we want you to tell a story .
yeah , we want you to create a story , but we just want to be able to change our minds . &quot;
so , when i was a kid , my father was telling me a kind of lie -- this is what he said , &quot; my son , there &apos;s a whole story . &quot;
your story is the story , my story , and the story . &quot;
so we wanted to tell the real story of this film .
but it &apos;s only a company that wants to help me -- and that &apos;s one of the reasons for john bond and richard kirshenbaum -- i &apos;ve figured out that i &apos;ve got to move myself for a long time -- i &apos;ve got to move myself to my own , and i can &apos;t get rid of all the takımımla together .
and so , when we started to understand that -- or what i started to understand -- i saw that every company had a problem with the company , when we started talking about the brand .
there &apos;s a huge , huge hollywood film that makes great hollywood movies and i &apos;ve made little bütçeli movies like i do .
and the great , huge hollywood movies , they say , &quot; the great , great hollywood movies , &quot; they say , &quot; it &apos;s a brand of marka .
and my friends , who make a little bütçeli , say , &quot; well , then we can compete with this big bütçeli , huge hollywood movies . &quot;
and the film will be the &quot; most spectacular film sold &quot; .
how do we see ban in the movie ?
when you walk out of home , when you &apos;re going to walk , you &apos;ll see ban deodorantını .
and when i did a meeting with someone , i would say , &quot; are you alive enough for these meetings ?
are you ready ? a little bit nervous .
i want to help you .
maybe it &apos;s a little bit kullanmalısınız before the meeting . &quot;
and i &apos;m going to take one of these amazing kokulardan .
it could be &quot; floral fusion &quot; or &quot; paradise winds , &quot; and they &apos;re all going to lose their chance .
and the suggestions are for men and women -- the rigid , the roll-on , or the bars , or whatever they do .
so we &apos;re coming to the end of the two cents .
now , if you have any kind of sorunuz , you &apos;re going to get your five cents a tour .
we &apos;re smaller .
like the little filmlerdeki that you &apos;re talking about before , we &apos;re competing with the big bang .
so we don &apos;t have any other brands .
and to do something like this -- you know , you know , we &apos;ve seen ban to remind people of what we &apos;re interested in .
what words do you use to describe ban ?
it is ...
this is a fantastic question .
. .
you don &apos;t want to define what people are doing with their seats .
we are courageous and vibrant .
i think it &apos;s a very good word , &quot; live , &quot; which is a very good word that i think is going to take a positive line .
it keeps you alive .
it keeps you alive for a long time -- better canlılık , more canlılık , more canlılık .
things like this make a message to make things more positive .
and this is a company that we &apos;re talking about .
but what about me ? how did anyone attack this ?
i &apos;m going to go out to the street , and i &apos;m like , people like me , ordinary people .
they don &apos;t tell me about the brand .
how do you explain your own experiences ?
hım , is it your own ?
i don &apos;t know .
i really like beautiful clothes .
the back of the &apos; 80s is the combination of skaters , if not the washing day , if not a washing day .
so , what is the brand , what &apos;s the brand ?
unique .
ao : i think i &apos;m going to be my mother , dark dark .
i love lots of black colors , lots of griler and things like it .
but usually , with solar panels or crystals , like kristaller , i love them .
if it had a brand , it would have been a classic mercedes that had been opened .
number two : my brand is my friend , takılmaktır .
the woman 2 : a piece of hippie , a piece of yogi , a piece of brooklyn -- i don &apos;t know .
the 3rd guy : i &apos;m a pets .
it &apos;s the whole country and the world with pet toys .
so , i think that &apos;s my story .
my little çarpık , this is my markam .
the 4th man : i am fedex , because i can hand the good things .
adam ostrow : the markası brand
is it a brand ?
lawyer : i &apos;m a lawyer .
i &apos;m tom .
all right , we &apos;re all not , of course , the brand of tom brand , but i &apos;m not quite aware of myself in the range of glamorous and comfortable takılma .
and so i realized that i needed an expert .
i needed one of my head , and i needed someone who would help me understand what was called &quot; personality personality . &quot;
and so i found a company called olson zaltman in &apos; .
this company was able to help companies like febreze , febreze , hallmark , who helped companies like marka .
if they were for them , they could certainly do that for me .
fotoğraflarınızı getirdiniz , right ?
yeah . my family is a picture of my family .
so i &apos;m going to tell you how to relate to what you &apos;re talking about who you are and what you are .
they are people that shape the world .
i &apos;m a little bit bahsedin from this world .
is it in the world ? i think it &apos;s the world you live in , the world you live in -- and the people around you , your friends , your family , your family .
all of these things together together , and they started , and for me , these things , i and my family , joined together in western virginia and in the west .
what &apos;s the next conversation you want ?
the next thing is : this is the most beautiful day i live in my life .
how do you feel about who you are and how do you relate to you ?
that &apos;s what i want to be .
i love things that are different .
i love things weird . i love weird things .
and i &apos;m like , &quot; why don &apos;t you ? &quot; what does this tell us ?
what is your name ? what do you choose ?
why is it important to restart the computer ? what is the red represent ?
tell me a few things about this part .
can you give me some information about the person ?
what were the other things that you had ?
it &apos;s not supposed to be a fear of fear , what is the kind of speed of speed we have now ?
eeeeee ! no , thank you .
thank you for your attention .
yeah .
yeah , i don &apos;t know what it will take .
there was some crazy things inside .
our first difference is that the brand is two different but the face of the brand , but morgan spurlock is a düşünceli / fun brand .
these are very , very uyumlular .
and that &apos;s why they actually make a paradox .
i think most companies , instead of two different aspects , are not just going to sit on one of the two different aspects .
most companies -- the things that are part of human nature -- are not the politicians , and the same kind of stuff , but you can &apos;t really understand them , and it &apos;s a good thing to see , and it &apos;s a good thing to see .
which other brands are they looking like ?
the first example is the apple .
you can also see the target , the wii , mini , coopers , and jetblue .
we talk to a lot of fun brands and thoughtful brands , and all of this is a very powerful , thoughtful brand .
it &apos;s a fun , thoughtful brand . what &apos;s your name ?
if somebody was going to tell you the identity of a person , what would be your answer ?
do you have a live tavrınız ? are you a person who &apos;s going to get people to sleep ?
or is there a more calm version ?
are you a little bit more calm , you &apos;re conservative ?
there &apos;s a lot of fun to be fun , like being fun among the live attitude , to be alive , to be alive , to be modern , to be modern , to be a modern , maceracı , or to be a çevik , to be geçirmek , to be sözünü or mysterious .
or do you have a more calm version ?
are you like a 007 , very informed ?
is it one of the traditional , traditional , korumacı empathy , if you don &apos;t like oprah ?
are you in a safe , balanced , bilinen , güvene , kutsal , güvene , güvene , güvene , güvene , güvene , güvene ?
in this film process , we talked to the companies over 500 companies , some of them live , some of them , and some of them had a quiet tavra , and they didn &apos;t want to be quiet .
they didn &apos;t want to do anything about this project ; they didn &apos;t control it . they didn &apos;t have control over the last product .
but we &apos;ve found 17 companies that are willing to give us the stories that are willing to give up , as such , that are willing to give up , like me , to be one of the most thoughtful and fun things that i want to be able to do , and that &apos;s the stories that we have to tell us .
and they were also able to tell the story of how they were used in the mri centers in the brain , where they were using the desire centers in the brain .
we went to san paulo , a ban on foreign space .
there &apos;s no billboard , no poster , no poster in the city over the past five years . there &apos;s nothing .
in america , we went to schools where companies are working today with a lot of money .
and what &apos;s amazing for me is that i &apos;ve got the biggest feedback from inside , or the projects that i have the greatest work that i &apos;ve ever had .
and these companies .
and they removed the militants , they stripped them and they said , &quot; maybe that &apos;s the best thing for me . &quot;
i &apos;m not directly interested .
it &apos;s a different thing to do with it , to think of people as something to think about , and the way we look at this world .
so how did this approach , how did this approach , how did it make results ?
the movie is now being shown at the film festival , which is being shown at the film festival .
the movie was prömiyerini in january , and since then , it has been in a small part of the whole event -- the film , which is about 900 million media pages about film .
that &apos;s literally a week and a half weeks of this word .
these are just data in the digital environment -- not included in print or tv .
they &apos;re even more efficient .
the film is not published in digital , it &apos;s not published .
and they &apos;re not even going to foreign countries .
so this film has already started making momentum .
and it &apos;s not a bad project , it &apos;s almost all the advertising agencies that we &apos;re talking about in this project , advising customers to be involved in this project .
there &apos;s something i always believe in . that &apos;s the point , if you take a risk , if you take the risk , you can get opportunities for that .
i believe that if you don &apos;t get people to do that , you can actually get people to fail .
and i believe that i &apos;m going to be able to use my çalışanlarınızı in the way that i think i &apos;m going to die , and that &apos;s actually the whole company .
and what i feel is that what &apos;s necessary to move forward is to take people to risk .
we don &apos;t want to make people want to make them laugh .
at the end , when we continue , i think we don &apos;t understand fear .
so that &apos;s what we need to do in our hands !
you don &apos;t fear fear . you don &apos;t change the risk .
and once you get a kaşık , you get the risk .
and finally , the transparency of the last .
today , it &apos;s going to have a little bit of a impact on intimacy , as never before .
and as a result , with intimacy and transparency , all of this talk was presented by my good friends in &apos; , who bought the &quot; transparency of the transparency &quot; from ebay .
big data is transforming great opportunities for all organizations worldwide .
emc presents &quot; transparency of transparency &quot; .
thank you very much .
juna cohen : well , i &apos;m going to say , &quot; well , what happened to morgan ? &quot;
this is a fantastic question .
there is a czech man who currently owns the organization organization organization for the organization organization in my pocket , which will be used for the next year to join ted .
this is a representation representation of the brain , and we &apos;re going to get your brain into two sections .
the right side of the logic is the right side , and the right side of it .
and if we measure the ability to measure our ability to have each other , we can create a pattern of our brain .
for example , this will be one of the things that is totally güvenen .
this is a completely sezgilerine one .
so where do you want your brain to put your brain on this scale ?
for some of us , this might be a lot of comments , but i think that &apos;s what it is for most of the audience , that your brain looks like this -- it &apos;s a high talent in both lobda .
we &apos;re not going to be able to live in a way or not .
you can be rational and intuitive .
and then i thought , &quot; well , the logic is very good , and that &apos;s a very complicated idea , &quot; which is one of the other experimental quantum mechanics .
but at the same time , we need a good reason for trying to work .
how can we develop this sezgiyi ? we like to play with something .
so we look at it , and then we look at what it looks like , so it evolves .
you do the same thing .
and it &apos;s a little bit of a time when we &apos;ve been talking about all the things that we &apos;ve been talking about for a while , and it &apos;s going to be somewhere in certain places .
i &apos;m trying to tell you that something &apos;s going to happen at the same time at the same time , but it might be ridiculous , but that &apos;s the concept that you &apos;re not going to do .
i remember having a child on the car barrier .
it was a bebekti and it wasn &apos;t good about it , it was going to drop over .
but if you don &apos;t get rid of it , play with that obstacle , and he really gave it a very important lesson to him , and he would not say that he would stay in place as a whole .
this is a great conceptual model for the world , if you &apos;re not a particle accelerator .
this is a terrible model for a particle accelerator , because they &apos;re playing with weird little particles with the car barriers .
and when they play with particles , they find all sorts of weird things -- they &apos;re able to be able to get through the walls , or the things that might be at the same time .
and then when they wrote all these observations , they call it quantum mechanics theory .
this is where the physics of physics was about a few years ago , you needed quantum mechanics to define small , tiny particles .
but they didn &apos;t need to define the big , everyday things around us .
and that &apos;s really what i &apos;m going to do with my lab , maybe , in fact , very often with particles .
sometimes i play , but not very often .
and i never saw them .
no one has ever seen a particle .
but that &apos;s the logical thing to do with the sense .
because if everything is small , and the quantum mechanics for all the small particles , then why don &apos;t everything apply to quantum mechanics ?
i don &apos;t see any reason for that .
and if we do a whole object on our everyday life with quantum mechanics , i can make myself better .
so a few years ago , i just went on to do this .
and i did one .
this is the first thing that you see in the mechanical quantum mechanics .
what we &apos;re looking at here is a little computer chip .
you can look at this green dot .
i &apos;m going to talk about this piece of metal over the next minutes .
this is a picture of a cismin .
let &apos;s look at the center , look at the center .
and here we &apos;re going to see this little piece of metal .
now , what are we looking at in this little piece of metal ? it looks like a tramplene tramplene .
i did this in the way that i was doing almost a computer .
i entered a fresh room with a new silicon circuit , and i went to a clean room for about 100 hours , and i would go to &apos; .
in the last stage , i had to make my own makinemi to open a hole under the device .
this device is not enough to create a quantum mechanics , but it needs some help .
this is an example that looks like this .
you know , it &apos;s a kalabalık edicidir .
when i was alone , i could make any kind of weird motion , but i would try to make these strange things , because i don &apos;t want to ignore those people , or frankly , because i don &apos;t want to ignore them .
here , quantum mechanics predicts the same kind of şekiyi objects .
it &apos;s not just people who are dying for the nesneler objects , but also the light , the ısısı wind , the temperature of the room .
and we know that if we &apos;re going to see this piece of metal , we have to see all of the things that we have to see if we move through quantum mechanics .
that &apos;s what we did .
and we closed up , and we put all the air out of the air , and then we put it into absolute zero , and then we put it in absolute zero .
now as olarak , it &apos;s free to act as a small piece of metal .
then we observe the movement .
and we found that we were moving in a strange way in a strange way .
he was standing on the ground , he was titriyordu . he was like , you know , it &apos;s like breathing -- it &apos;s like breathing , and it looks like she &apos;s screaming .
and by giving him a slight push , we &apos;ve done it at the same time , and we &apos;ve made vibration and vibration -- it &apos;s something that we &apos;re not allowed to allow .
i &apos;m telling you something really wonderful here .
so what does it mean at the same time that it &apos;s both the same time and what it means ?
let &apos;s think about atoms .
: : all of the trillions of atoms that make up a little piece of metal are sitting and they &apos;re also moving up and down and down .
i &apos;m just going to die for a moment .
the rest of the time is not clear .
this is the same as every atom at the same time , which means that it means that the small piece of metal is in two different places .
i think that &apos;s really great .
really .
i &apos;ve been able to put myself in a clean room for years , and look at this , because the distance between a single atom and a small piece of metal is almost the same as the difference between the metal part and the metal .
if one atom is in the same time at the same time , they can be found in two different places , and they can be found in two different places , and what about you ?
this is just the sound of rational behavior .
imagine that if you were in multiple places at the same time , how would it be ?
how do you explain your body that is not in space ?
there &apos;s another part of the story .
when we open the lights , we saw the lights open , and when we looked inside the box , we were still there .
and that &apos;s why i had to develop this new paradigm , and all the objects inside the elevator seemed to be in a small area like quantum objects .
you &apos;ve heard a lot of talk about how quantum mechanics are connected .
well , that &apos;s not exactly true .
we have more and more derini .
these connections define who you are , all the things around you , and that &apos;s what you &apos;re doing with quantum mechanics .
thank you .
in 2007 , i decided that we should be able to talk again about economic development .
our new goal should be to ensure that every family is going to be able to live and work and work on the one hand , at least in a handful of different cities , at least in a handful of different cities .
we &apos;re very , very , very far away from this .
there are billions of people in the developing world , and there &apos;s no city ready to open their doors .
but the amazing thing about cities is that they have much more to build and build them .
so , the world is just dozens of new cities , maybe hundreds of new cities .
if you don &apos;t talk about new cities , that might be absurd .
but put it in just the cities of the cities .
suppose you have half a circle of people who want to live in your lab ; you don &apos;t have other half .
and in addition to all the current apartmanlara , you can try to expand capacity .
but you get a situation like this : it has the rules and the distribution of the rules that surrounds them because of the fields that surround them .
so it &apos;s very difficult to do all that stuff .
but if you can go to a whole new place , you can build a whole new apartment , which is the rules that make it easier to build the rules there .
so , i proposed to the cities of the states as big as the new reform areas , and i gave them a name , and i gave them a name .
it was later , according to the öğrendiğime , that the reform was about the difficulties of reform in honduras and honduras .
about 75,000 people knew they were going to go to the u.s. every year , and they wanted to ask them what they could do , and they wanted to do what they would do in the same way that they could do that in honduras .
in one place , javier , he said , &quot; i &apos;m going to put a part of my blank nose and a little bit of a elçiliğe , a little bit of a bunch of u.s. grandmothers , and then , if people want to work under the laws of canada or the u.s. , how do they go to the u.s. law , or to work in the u.s. ? &quot;
in the summer of 2009 , honduras had a constitutional crisis in the heart of the heart .
in the next regular elections , lobo asked for the reform , but it also won a consensus on a consensus .
he asked him to be chief chief of the general staff .
at that time , i didn &apos;t want to give a talk at tedglobal .
the process of editing , trial and error , as a result of a lot of user tests , i worked with this complicated pilot city concept , the basic features .
the first point is such rules , if you don &apos;t have rules , and you &apos;re not going to come out of all the current apartments .
we pay a lot of attention to the new technologies , but progress requires technology and rules , and usually it &apos;s the kurallardır that keeps us behind .
in the fall of 2010 , a friend of mine from guatemala sent a link to guatemala .
and he showed him this .
they called me .
&quot; we will not have the leaders of our country . &quot;
so in december , i was in a hotel room in miami .
i tried to explain how much more valuable cities are in the cost of how valuable cities are .
and i use a slide that shows how valuable it is in a place like the new york city of new york : notice that there are thousands of dollars per square metre .
but it was a very abstract tartışmaydı , and it was a moment of silence , and he said , &quot; paul , maybe you &apos;re ted . &quot;
so the ted talk explains a very simple version , and the pilot is a charter and then a charter that applies the rules that will apply to the city of the city , and then it &apos;s a chance for people to live under the rules , and then they have a chance to make their choices .
we need this project , which is important to our country , and the president of the country , honduras , who says it is important for our country .
i was asked to come to &apos; and talk back to the top of january and in five .
i gave a slide like this , and i gave you another talk , which is full of information , and i tried to say that if you want to make it worth a city , you have to be very big .
this is a picture of denver , and a new airport built in &apos; denver .
this airport alone is more space than 100 dollars .
i was trying to convince my parents about this , if you build a new city , at least 1,000 square kilometers .
this is more than 250 hundred acres .
everybody kindly alkışladı .
the audience faces a lot of faces and everyone is careful .
congress leader came on the stage and said , &quot; we thank you very much for your speech , but maybe your tedtalk should be heard .
we have a bilgisayarımda here . &quot;
and i sat down and they &apos;re ted talk .
and it turns out that a new city can offer new choices for people .
in the north , it would be the option that it would be able to live in a city that could be in honduras instead of hundreds of kilometers away .
the new options for the leaders included new options .
because the state leaders in honduras here in honduras have been able to benefit from the assistance of the common countries and to help partner countries that are helping to determine the rules of practice and practice , so that they can really do so .
it is important for all of the parties that i think is important for all of the parties in honduras , which i think is a way to make the sense that foreign investors will be able to build and build the city and build the city .
we went to a venue and looked at it .
this picture was taken there .
it may be a thousand square kilometers .
and shortly after , they voted in the convention to change the way they could have a constitutional law that allowed private development zones to be adopted by a constitutional law .
recently , in a country with yürekleri , the number of those who voted in favour of this constitutional change in a country in a country with this constitutional amendment would be reduced to &apos; .
all of the parties supported it .
to be part of the constitution , we have to actually meet two times in our hands .
on february 17th , a vote from 112 voted again .
after that vote , a group of delegates from 21 and 24 february , about 30 and 24 february , went to the world &apos;s most willing to get into urban construction .
one is south korea .
this is the picture of a new city center built in south korea -- big city downtown .
everything you see here , after four years to get permits , was built in four years .
the other part of the city &apos;s building is singapore .
in china , they &apos;ve already built two cities and prepare for third .
so if you think of this as practical , this is where we are .
they have a venue ; they &apos;re already starting to think about using this space .
it &apos;s a law system that allows the managers to come to the coming place , and instead of an external legal system .
a country has already volunteered to be the last court of appeals for the new legal system there .
we have a lot of very demanding city designers and inşaatçıları .
you can &apos;t even invest a little bit with them .
but what you know is that there &apos;s a lot of kiracı .
there are many companies in the american region who want to be involved in a field of free trade , and there are many people who want to go there .
there are 700 million people who say they want to be in the world right now .
there &apos;s one million people who leave the u.s. to go to the u.s.
most of them , a father who left his family behind her family to get a job , is a single mother who has to earn enough money to buy food or clothes .
unfortunately , in some cases , the children who have been working for decades in a decade have been trying to think about how to build a new city in honduras .
or what about building dozens of people around the world ?
what kind of idea is it that every family has a few options competing to attract new ones ?
this is an idea worth spreading .
and my friends asked you to thank you , and ted .
