what if you &apos;re better than you are ?
i mean , you can have a better memory in your genes than a few changes , more perfect and faster .
you want to be more in simpler shape or stronger .
would you like to be more attractive and trusted ?
what about a healthier life ?
maybe you &apos;re one of the more creativity for more creativity .
what would you love most ?
if you just chose one , what would you choose ?
audience : creativity creativity
how many of you chose creativity ?
raise your hands .
it &apos;s a little bit . there &apos;s probably creative people here .
this is very good .
how many of you would choose the memory ?
a little more .
so what ?
little less .
what about longevity ?
it &apos;s a majority . it made me feel good .
if you had one of these , the world would be very different .
is this just a dream ?
or is it possible ?
it was a matter of evolution , but today i want to give you a look at the point of a doctor at ted conference .
a major 20th century explorer , jansky , wrote a trial at the same time as a speaker at the russian orthodox church , &quot; except in biology , except in biology &quot; .
if you &apos;re one of those who don &apos;t accept evidence for biological evolution , it &apos;s a good time to remove your sensory device , and i allow you to take a look at kathryn mead &apos;s book , because it &apos;s not going to show you something like that before , because it &apos;s not going to make any sense to you before .
but if you accept biological evolution , think about it : is it just about the past ?
can it apply to others ? or can we apply to us ?
this is another view of life .
in this picture , i put a branch on the center , because if you look at the edge of the tree , it &apos;s all the kind of evolutionary in the middle of the branches , and it has developed a harmony , and it has developed a harmony .
this branch of the branch is of course , of course , that we &apos;re most interested in human beings .
we come from a common ancestor , about seven million years ago .
so maybe there &apos;s a different species of human beings .
some of them have gone .
we &apos;ve been here for about 200,000 years .
the other parts of the tree can look a little bit like the other parts of the tree , but in fact , for a large part , our cells are very close to the simple system .
are you aware of the system of a common bacteria , and by empowering it , using glucose protein to treat diabetes ?
it &apos;s not similar to human history , it &apos;s the same protein that &apos;s not biologically distinguish from the protein that &apos;s biodegradable chemicals .
are you aware that we &apos;re carrying more bacteria in the rest of our bodies than in the rest of our bodies ?
maybe 10 times more .
think about the bacteria when antonio damasio talked about your back ?
our gut for bacteria is a perfectly compatible environment .
hot , dark and moist . it &apos;s a sincere environment .
and they &apos;re going to give you a lot of effort and give them all the food that they want .
it &apos;s a great life for bacteria , but it &apos;s very important for your life , but it &apos;s very important for your life .
bacteria help the root nutrients , and they fight you against some diseases .
but what &apos;s going to happen in the future ?
are we in a kind of evolutionary balance ?
or is it a different species ? maybe we adapted to the environment better .
let &apos;s take a look at the past , billions of years ago , the big bang explosion , the world and the solar system , four and a half million years ago , the first findings of life in the world , four and a half million years ago , when the first findings of life in the world were a million years ago .
this is a short benchmark of life in the world of the universe that is a short benchmark of living animals , a little bit shorter and less people .
at the same time .
and i hope that the human being is fun .
first in college , first biology in my first year .
i fell in love with the power of biology and the nature of evolution , and i noticed something very important , and i realized that every cell in the individual form of life would be embedded in all the genetic form of cells .
but when we come to organisms , things start to change .
it comes into a mating .
and the rest of our bodies are being recycled , except after we meet with the population .
in fact , you can say that death of death is the way the death of death .
i have to admit , i thought , reproduction / death , to die , and then it was reasonable , but i got a lot of doubt over the years .
i learned the sensitivity of george burns , who was playing in las vegas .
a night is played .
opens the door .
she sees beautiful pink .
she says , &quot; i &apos;m here for the super sex . &quot;
george said , &quot; well , can i get a nice soup ? &quot;
i realized that i was working as a doctor , and it was different from the purpose of evolution , but it was completely different .
i tried to protect the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to improve disease .
i wanted a healthy and long life .
evolution is to adapt from generation generations to generation generations and adapt to generation generations .
in evolutionary view , you and i have to be able to get the genetic burden to the next orbit to get the next orbit to the next orbit .
woody allen : i think we all know that we can understand my work .
i want to try to die . &quot;
it &apos;s all about evolution , the longest living .
it &apos;s not the biggest , or it &apos;s the most powerful , or the most clever .
the evolution of evolution is the best fit to the environment .
this is the only example of survival and the only example of achieving .
the bacteria that love the ocean , the heat that comes out of the ocean , the heat that comes out of the ocean , can tell them what &apos;s going on in evolution , and i can tell you that there &apos;s a lot of possibilities that we think of as the next step , and we think of the next step .
first of all , we reached a kind of balance .
now , human evolution is going to stop .
and the reason for that is that we managed to protect many of our bodies through drugs , and we were going to be able to get into the environment as well as that , as we were to be able to do so much of the environment that we have , and we mix them , and we mix each other .
the second possibility is that natural evolution is being imposed by nature by nature of nature .
the discussion here is that this process , which is not changed , is very heavy .
as long as the isolation is under way , it will be possible for the evolution of the evolution and the environmental changes that are going to happen in a natural way .
but there &apos;s a third possibility , and it &apos;s a terrifying , terrifying possibility .
i call the utopia evolutionary , a new evolution , which is a way we guide our preferences as individuals that are not defined by the nature of nature .
how did that happen ?
how did we do that ?
if we think about real , in some cultures today , people can choose about their children .
in some cultures , parents choose to have a male child .
if it doesn &apos;t work for society , it &apos;s not an opportunity but individuals and families do that .
imagine that if you had a simple gender choice , or you had genetic changes that would protect your body from disease , it would be possible .
would you do the genetic changes that would destroy diabetes and alzheimer &apos;s disease , reduce the risk of cancer ?
do you want to do these changes in your genes ?
if we look at the future , these kinds of elections are becoming increasingly probable .
the human genome project started in 1990 and lasted about three years .
it went up to a billion dollars .
a year after the end of 2004 , you could do the same job in 2004 for $ 20m in three months .
today , you can get a genome genome of 1.4 dollars , and you can get it within a week .
it &apos;s going to be possible if a genome map of 1,000 dollars and everybody can reach .
a week ago , the national engineering academy gave the prize of francis arnold and willem ilves , who developed the institute for independent techniques that accelerated the natural workings of evolution , and a study that allows them to get more effective to the proteins that they call &quot; evolutionary evolution . &quot;
a few years ago , the nobel prize scientist , tomo egan , is a pediatrician of the adult skin cell , and changes in the way that he can change the four genomes by changing any cell .
we can make the bacteria , not only against them , but also to allow them to develop immune diseases against other pathogens .
and no , you &apos;re going to continue to develop a vaccine with a material that grows in the cells of the tobacco plant , in the cells of the tobacco plant .
can you imagine a good thing from tobacco ?
these are the facts and the future of the future .
you can change the cells in your body .
imagine , but can you change your child &apos;s cells ?
or if you had a chance to change the sperm and egg , or you could lose the baby &apos;s disease and you could lose a healthier life , you could lose the risk of cancer and the disease .
who doesn &apos;t want a healthier child ?
and then the same with the same analytical technology that we can get from the same system that is possible for us to be able to get a better memory for us .
why don &apos;t you have the ability of ken jablonski to do so much faster and longer you don &apos;t have muscles to muscles faster and longer ?
why do you live longer ?
they &apos;re going to be responsive .
and when we &apos;re in the next generation of generations , we &apos;re going to turn the old paradigm into the evolution of the old style , which is what we &apos;re in .
it &apos;s about 1,000 years of the process that &apos;s going to require 100,000 years , maybe 100 years or 100 years , and those choices that are going to have their grandchildren or their grandchildren .
do we use these options to make society better ? better , gentler .
or are we going to make the society more boring or more powerful , or more resourceful for some of the different features that we want ?
we have to confront questions we have to face .
and seriously , can we have the heir of wisdom , which will allow us to make the wisdom intelligent ?
and for better or worse , and in a close time , these elections will depend on us .
thank you .
now , i want you to imagine a prosthetic that allows you to come up with the ability or the wheelchair to stand up and get the wheelchair up .
we call them &quot; robot skeletons . &quot;
these are actually the real integration of the human and the machine , in fact , when you &apos;re going on the morning , and it &apos;s going to help you provide your weight and help you secure your balance .
it &apos;s not just that , but it &apos;s also something that connects with the world and the other equipment that you can connect with them .
this is not just a product of imagination .
it &apos;s clearly evident that the american soldiers , who are asked to take this thing on their back , are not talking about the average 100 pounds of the average , and they &apos;re going to take the back , and it &apos;s like a number of important things -- 30 percent of these things are causing a number of important breakthroughs .
so we thought that we should produce a skeleton that would help solve this problem and solve this problem .
i &apos;ve been able to meet you now with the &quot; big cargo force for people &quot; .
i can carry the burden of 200 pounds in different fields with the eu-imf-ecb skeleton .
the flexible design allows the movements that require collapse , collapse and resilience .
what i want to do is it increases power and tension , which i want to go .
we &apos;re ready to start this device with this new skeleton that we &apos;re willing to start this device this year .
so it &apos;s a real phenomenon .
now , let &apos;s look at something that &apos;s really exciting to me : wheelchair chairs .
it &apos;s estimated that there are 40 million people on the planet .
that &apos;s about one percent of the total population .
that &apos;s an optimistic estimate .
we &apos;re talking about a lot of their lives in the back of the &apos; 70s , &apos; 30s , &apos; 70s , &apos; 70s , and we &apos;re talking about the only possibility that we &apos;re having a wheelchair .
the older population , however , is increasing .
and the only option for a stroke or another disorder is mostly wheelchair .
this is something that has been in the last 500 years since it &apos;s really successful .
so we thought we needed to open a new page on mobility .
now i &apos;m going to show you 19 years ago , and as a result of that , i &apos;ve been trying to promote the system of amanda braun , who has been running up until now -- the legs that have not been done until now .
thank you .
so amanda &apos;s legs , you see our team .
they have sensors .
the system that sends signals to the control unit on amanda &apos;s back , which sends signals to the control unit on the back of amanda , doesn &apos;t harm the body .
there &apos;s also a battery box that runs their toes and toes on the knee , and it allows them to act effectively and naturally .
i was at age 24 , when i was a terrible climber in skiing skiing skiing , when i was at the top of skiing .
i just started to feel like i was in the waist .
shortly after that , a doctor came in in the hospital , and he said to me , &quot; amanda , unfortunately you &apos;re not going to die again . &quot;
that was exactly 19 years ago .
at that moment , the doctor burned all my hopes .
since then , i &apos;ve learned to ski , to ski , to ski , climb rocks and even drive .
but i have never invented anything that can make me walk , until now .
thank you .
you can see , we have technology , we have platforms to sit with you .
everything we have . we have the potential to change the lives of generations of generations , not only by amanda and amanda and the wheelchair , but everyone .
thank you .
i &apos;m part of the development section of a nonprofit company called robin hood in new york .
i fight the flames as a assistant officer at a volunteer unit , when i fight poverty .
at the moment , in our city , volunteers provide support for the high talented careers , and you have to go to the fire site before you get to fire .
i remember the first fire .
i was the second volunteer in the area , so i had a high chance to be involved in the event .
but in fact , there was a big challenge to expect the colonel to be at the beginning of his mission and to understand what our tasks were .
when i found the colonel , he had a very quiet conversation with host owner , probably the worst day in her life .
in the middle of the night , the rain was under the rain , and under the roof , the coat , the flat foot , the house , the flames .
and the other volunteer , the other volunteer that i immediately moved to the site , let &apos;s call it the droutsas luther , and before i came to the head , he had to go and get the dog &apos;s dog .
the dog ! i left my obsession .
in the rest of the life of a lawyer or someone who manages money , he would tell people to go into a building burning into a building that was burned , and it was going to kill me for five seconds .
i was in the next .
he called me the captain .
he said , &quot; bezos , i want to go home .
i want to go up and see the flames , and i want a pair of shoes . &quot;
thank you .
i mean , what i &apos;m hoping wasn &apos;t , but i went , i went out of the stairs , i went to the end of the corridor , and i went to the bed room , and i got a bed room for a pair of shoes .
i know what you think , but i &apos;m not a hero .
i cut the burden of my mission down from the stairs , where i met my enemy , and with the precious dog in front front .
we took our money home , and naturally , more attention than me .
a couple of weeks later , the department received a letter from the owner of the house , and he was thanking us for his home .
he had a nice behavior on other things : he brought her shoes to him .
in my mission in robin hood , i also witnessed a huge scale of my work as a volunteer officer , and i witnessed a huge scale of generosity and joy , but also i witnessed virtue and courage .
and you know what ?
it &apos;s all important .
and when you look at the people who are in this room , or looking at the people who are going to catch or catch them , i can offer you this note .
don &apos;t expect somebody to win the first person to make a difference in their life .
if you have something to do , now give you .
serve food at home , clean up a park .
be a human being .
we can &apos;t afford a human life to save the life of a person every day , but every day it gives us an opportunity to influence a person .
so , you &apos;re going to move -- the shoes save .
thank you .
mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i came from the inside of a community that was creating the secrets of mankind .
this is a place where women are competing in order to show themselves , and that day &apos;s rules are a place where the rules are played and fun is a serious job .
oh , this is not thunder man or san francisco .
ladies and gentlemen , i &apos;ll meet you with your friends .
this is the world of bonobo chimpanzees in the old-growth forest of congo .
along with other chimpanzees , the bonobos are the closest of you .
this is a evolutionary grandmother who lived about 40 million years ago .
now , chimpanzees are known for their roots .
but unfortunately , when we tell the evolution of human evolution , we really have a lot of emphasis on this .
but bonobos show us the other side of the medal .
chimpanzees are being managed by the bonobo community , under the control of big men .
these guys really did something , because this has led to a very high level of tolerance that has not yet been delayed .
but unfortunately , bonobos are the least known monkey species .
they live in the deep forest of congo , and so it &apos;s very difficult to look at them .
the congo is an amazing biological biodiversity and beauty , but also the scene of the wild conflict , which lasted for decades , and about the first world war , and about the first world war .
it wouldn &apos;t be surprising that the destruction of this destruction would endanger the lives of bonobo apes .
it means that meat is a little bit of a small stadium in the world , and we don &apos;t have to be able to be honest , and to be honest , to be honest .
yet , you can hear a secret break in the trees of this violent and chaos in the land of chaos .
who are these cousins ?
we know them as &quot; lust , &quot; the apes , because they &apos;re very often in front of us , and in order to control the conflicts , and to solve the conflicts of sexual issues .
now , i don &apos;t say that this humanity is a solution to all of the problems of humanity , because there &apos;s a lot more in the life of the bonobos .
bonobos , like humans , like playing games throughout their lifetime .
the game is not just for children .
for us , for them , the game is a basis for creating friendships and making tolerance .
the game is where we learn to trust , where we learn the rules of play .
game creativity increases , and the game is all about the diversity of generation , and the interaction variation is the diversity of behavior .
and you &apos;re going to see the evolution of the people in the game , the wonder that you &apos;re going to see a lot of evolution , dance and traditions .
the game is a unifying dividing .
now , i don &apos;t know how you play , but i want to show you a couple of wild clips from wildlife .
first of all , this is a kind of a living ball , and i don &apos;t mean a baseball ball .
here &apos;s a young female and men who entered the shooting game .
look at what he does .
it has to be the origin of a old word , &quot; he grabbed him out of his mouth . &quot;
i think that &apos;s pretty happy , right ?
yeah .
so the sex game is common in humans and in the chimpanzees .
and this video is really interesting , because it shows that this video is really interesting , because it shows the creativity of getting things that are not used to play , and it shows that it &apos;s the same way that it makes a sense of trust , and it &apos;s the same time that it makes it worthwhile .
but the game is something that changes .
but it &apos;s something that changes the game , and a lot of play can enter , some of them are more nuanced , more glamorous , more enthusiastic , more glamorous , perhaps a place .
and i want you to see that this is a young female , a young female , and she &apos;s playing with water .
i think , like that , we &apos;re sometimes playing , and we &apos;re looking at the boundaries of our internal and external world .
and this is a kind of an intriguing curiosity , and it activates us to research , and then we &apos;re not sure that we &apos;re going to be the real real real of creativity .
these are little prescriptions that the bonobos have introduced to us , and our present time .
but they also have a greater sense of greater creativity and greater collaboration with the future of the future , in order to adapt the secrets in the future .
the secret is the key to all these capacities .
in other words , play is our adaptive wild card .
we need the game in order to adapt to a growing world .
but are we going to do most of our game ?
the game is not meaningless .
if you don &apos;t have play .
life for the bonobo and for humans is not just a red and in the skin .
when the game is deemed to be most problematic , it may be the most important time .
and here , my primate friends , let &apos;s see this gift from evolution , and we &apos;re going to play the creativity , and we &apos;ve redefined creativity , friendship and the heart .
thank you .
i want you to imagine two pairs of dreaming -- the same day in the middle of the year and at the same time -- all right .
each of these pair is making a baby .
i don &apos;t want you to imagine the little bit of the baby , because you spend a lot of time thinking about it , you don &apos;t listen to me .
just imagine that moment .
and in this scenario , i want you to imagine , and i want you to imagine this in an example , which is the egg y chromosome .
and in the other case , the sperm x chromosome contains the chromosome , and it connects the egg chromosome .
it &apos;s both alive , it comes out .
we &apos;re going to return to these people again .
in general , i wear two hats in my work .
in one of the board , i do a history of anatomy .
i &apos;m a history of history , and my work in this area is how people are interested in anatomy -- i mean human and animal bodies -- a view of the body tissues , the interactions of bodies , how they think about bodies .
as a activist , i used to be an activist as a activist -- or sometimes as i said , as an activist -- i use the patient for people who are patients .
in these cases , the body types of people i work with are challenging social norms .
so , some of the people i work , for example , are the twin twins , one in one body .
some of the people that i work are -- people are very short from the average average average .
and a large part of the people that i work with -- the standard male or standard female body -- are people who are not standard men .
we use the term gender , which is a general call .
there are many different forms of gender .
i &apos;m going to give you a few examples of gender examples that don &apos;t fit to standard male or female standards .
in part of these , you have a parent chromosome , and y chromosome has the genes of chromosome chromosome , which is , in fact , that we &apos;re in the womb of the fetus , and it tells us they &apos;re in the womb .
and so the more gut fetuses are starting to pump down .
but the lack of this individual hormone doesn &apos;t respond to this hormone .
and this syndrome is called a syndrome syndrome syndrome .
there are many levels , but there &apos;s no reaction .
as a result , the body is moving towards more feminine form .
she &apos;s born when she was born .
it &apos;s grown like a girl and a girl .
and this girl goes back to the age of puberty , and the girl is growing up , starting to develop her breasts , but he doesn &apos;t start , but he doesn &apos;t have to figure out what &apos;s going on here .
and the tests are starting to understand , and in the body , in the body , they have testicles and a parent , and they have a y chromosome .
now the key point is that you can think that these guys are actually men , but they &apos;re not men .
women , like men , there are structures that are called acidic lobes .
it &apos;s the back of our bodies .
and the kidney is a hormone , which is the sexual hormone .
so many women like me -- i accept myself as a typical woman -- i don &apos;t know my own chromosomes , but i probably think that i &apos;m probably the typical one -- many women like me .
we produce insulin , and we react to hormones .
as a result , someone like me has more obese than the pregnant syndrome syndrome , which is born with testosterone .
in short , gender business is really complex , and there are only people between all that gender spectrum , and there are no other gender problems .
another example , a couple of years ago , called me 19 years old , a male who was born as a male , and she was a girl who lived with her girlfriend , who was a girl who lived with her girlfriend , her girlfriend , and recently she had her lungs and the uterus .
but there is a very extreme situation , and there &apos;s a situation called fetal gland gland .
and in the first place , with the three chromosomes and in the mother &apos;s mother , fetuses worked very well and that &apos;s actually created a sex hormone environment .
and as a result , sexual organs are sexually , and the brain has more of the sexual hormones .
and when he was born , he looked like a man -- nobody was suspicious .
and until the age of 19 , but then some medical problems have been living , and then some medical problems have turned the reason for this young man .
okay , so i go to another example that you might be on the gender .
part of the people who have the three chromosome chromosomes , they develop , so you have cervical touch , and cervical tissue is surrounded by tissue .
we don &apos;t know why this is .
in short , gender has very different variations .
this is what these kids want to have with these bodies , whether they want to marry , or the sex , or gender , or gender , which is not usually a surgical , but they feel better .
in many cases , these people are very healthy .
the reason for these kinds of operations is to threaten social our social selves .
or the system in general has been based on the basis of certain kinds of foundations .
there &apos;s a concept that means to have women &apos;s identity , which means that you have to have african anatomy in your genes to be black .
we have a very , very simple idea .
and when we face a body , it tells us something much differently , and that &apos;s what it &apos;s about .
so our culture has very romantic ideas about our sense .
and in fact , our country was built on a very romantic notion of alienation .
you can imagine how it starts , you can imagine that your children , who have two people , are born .
i was in the last year , and i joined the south african runner last year , when i joined the international events in berlin on gender .
so many journalists asked me , and what tests would be done to see what tests were going to be done for boys or women .
and i had to explain that there was no test to journalists .
now we know that gender is a little bit complex , and we have to pretend that there is a line of women and women , or women , and gender , and gender and gender and gender and gender .
now we &apos;ve come to this point that the science is more complex than we think about when we think about our static anatomy as we should be able to think of ourselves as our static anatomy .
and that &apos;s not just in terms of gender .
and as a race , it &apos;s much more complicated than the fact that we allow this term .
we &apos;re moving to more uncomfortable areas .
for example , the dna is 95 percent of our dna .
is it just a few genes that make us different ?
and when we &apos;re in science , we &apos;re simply moving towards a much more disturbing point of view that we &apos;re simply going to accept the fact that the categories that we basically prepare are just a little bit more .
and we see this in every aspect of human life .
for example , this is another example we see in our culture today , the beginning of life and the end of life .
we have different opinions about how the body decides to become a human whenever of the fetus .
now , when someone is dead -- probably as open as it is -- we &apos;re discussing very hard issues .
when our ancestors were killed in the past , they were so vulnerable to this question .
they were often putting gold under the nose of the person , if they were in the feather .
they were crying .
but today , we &apos;re dealing with the very difficult question that people can take and give to other people and give them a very difficult challenge , which is not the simple ones that we &apos;ve ever done .
now , many of you might think that these overlapping categories make somebody happy like me .
i &apos;m a political innovation , i argue , i argue people who are not normal , but i have to admit that it worries me even .
it &apos;s a lot more variable to me than when we think about these categories .
and it makes me think about the view of democracy .
so to tell you all that tension , i &apos;ve got to tell you that i &apos;m a great fan of the american founders first .
i know they were racist and they were doing gender , but they were great .
so it &apos;s very courageous and very courageous , and that &apos;s why i &apos;m watching a bunch of years in a series of years , not just because of a very simple piece of music .
in 1962 , what the united states is .
my idea is that the founders of the united states , the original anatomic activists , are the reason .
what they rejected was the cognitive concept and changed it with something else , and it kept us in 200 years .
as all of you remember , the concept that our founders have rejected was based on a very simple concept of anatomy and monarchy .
the kings of the former world were unaware of the dna , but they had the concept of equal rights .
they had the elite concept .
they had the idea that the people who could be in political power would have the idea that they should have a political power from the family and through the future .
our founders rejected this idea , and they changed it with another anatomic concept , and that concept was equal to all people .
they were able to move the field of play , and they decided that the anatomy of the anatomy had similarities , and that was a very radical movement .
now they did some of this because it was a part of the enlightenment system that was growing together .
and while democracy grew , it was also on science .
and this is very clear , if you look at the history of our founders , many of them are interested in science , and you &apos;ll see that it &apos;s about the notion of the world .
they were frustrated by the supernatural statements , and they were rejecting concepts like born supernatural power .
it &apos;s moving towards a more primal concept .
if you look at the declaration of independence , you &apos;ll see that nature is talking about nature and nature .
they &apos;re not talking about god and god nature .
they &apos;re talking about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
so part of this was the concept of a concept that they brought to us .
and they did this in a very good way to lead to human rights movements in the future .
they didn &apos;t think that would happen , but they did it for us , and it was remarkable .
so what happened after years ?
what happens to the women who want to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have a look at the anatomy of the anatomy , and that woman says , &quot; we don &apos;t have the right to believe that our conscience is not enough to have our right to the right of our conscience and the right to have property . &quot;
and women discussed it .
and then we came up with successful human rights movements , and we found people who called &quot; i &apos;m not a woman . &quot;
and the men who walk in front of the human rights movement and say , &quot; i am a man . &quot;
again , the colors of people came in a more successful way than the microscopic similarity .
we &apos;ve seen the same thing in the exercise of disability rights .
the problem here is , when we start to see similarities , we start to question why we do these differences .
now notice , i want you to make certain cognitive differences in our culture .
for example , i don &apos;t want to give you a human right .
i don &apos;t mean that we &apos;re completely out of anatomy .
i don &apos;t want five to five years of sexual or marriage .
there are certain anatomic differences that you have , and we need to obey me a meaning .
but what &apos;s going on here is what we need to observe and why we need to observe why we need to observe .
let &apos;s go back to two double twin babies at the beginning of my talk .
we have two sons , two of them in the middle of the year in the middle of 2050 .
so one of these , mary , was born three months earlier , so he was born on january 1st 1980 .
on the other hand , henry was born on 1 april 1980 .
mary is born three months ago because of the birth of birth three months ago -- the right to vote for discrimination , alcohol abuse , right ?
all of this has to wait for henry &apos;s waiting , not because he &apos;s a biologically different age , but because he &apos;s born .
we &apos;ve found other references about what their rights are .
henry , because he &apos;s just a man , i didn &apos;t even tell you that he was a matrix -- because he was responsible for the military service , because she was responsible for the fact that she had no reason for a child .
mary , meanwhile , does not have the right to have henry &apos;s rights in all states .
henry is married with a woman in all states , and mary can only marry a couple in a few states today .
as you can see , there &apos;s a lot of problems , and we &apos;re still still in the present , and we &apos;re still still there .
and i &apos;m going to ask the question , what do we do when we get to the point that we &apos;re going to be able to get into the layers of the democracy that we &apos;re going to be doing on anatomy ?
i don &apos;t want to give up science , but i &apos;m also feeling like the science of our science .
where are we going to go ?
what happens in our culture looks like a kind of pragmatic attitude : &quot; okay , we have to draw these lines in places , so we &apos;re going to take these lines somewhere . &quot;
but many are facing strange situations .
for example , at some point he decided to have the right chromosome to get married with a man , and you have to have y chromosome to marry a woman .
in practice , people don &apos;t test chromosomes .
but this is very strange because of the obesity that i &apos;ve told you at the beginning .
if we look at founders of modern democracy , our founders , dr. martin luther king , offers a solution to us .
it tells us that &quot; we need to judge people from anatomy to the color of their skin , even more than anatomy .
and i said , &quot; oh , it seems like a really good idea . &quot;
but how do you do that in practice ?
how do you judge people depending on their characters ?
and i also want to emphasize that i &apos;m not very sure how to distribute the rights of people , because i know that some of the golden players i know are more social services than some people .
i even think that some of the yellow cod dogs i knew about sexual sexual tend to be able to make a lot more informed , smart and mature decisions .
so how are we going to make the character &apos;s content work ?
it looks like a very difficult job .
and i &apos;m also wondering that the character of a character might be in the future , and what can we see with mri ?
what do we really want to move forward ?
i &apos;m not sure where we go .
what i know is that the idea of thinking about the leadership of the united states is very important .
we &apos;ve done a lot of work in the fight against democracy , and i think we &apos;ll get better jobs in the future .
we don &apos;t have an environment in iran , like , for example , when a male gives another male sex , but if he agrees to change sex , it &apos;s allowed to change the gender .
we don &apos;t have such situations .
and i &apos;m happy that there &apos;s no situations like this -- a few years ago , i talked to a surgeon , separated the twins that had been set up to make a name .
but when i spoke to him , i asked him why he did a risky surgery , which was why he had to do a very bad surgery in their country .
and i said , &quot; well , i think about the right to divide the political asylum .
the united states gives people an incredible opportunity , allowing them to live in the world , as they are .
so i think we should be in leadership .
before i finished my talk , i &apos;d like to talk to you about our founders , and i stopped talking about our founders .
and i ask you to think about the possibility that democracy will look like our mothers , or think about what it looks like .
and i &apos;d like to tell you a little bit about something that &apos;s going to be a little bit radical for a feminist , and i believe that there &apos;s a lot of different anatomy that &apos;s going to arise when a group of people think about it .
now i &apos;ve been interested in gender history , and i also focus on gender change research .
and another issue i &apos;m particularly interested in is the differences between women and men , and differences between the world &apos;s ideas .
and we know the comparative cultural studies , women , average -- they &apos;re not all about the average social relationships , and a group of people are more vulnerable to human relationships .
if we think about this right now , we have a very interesting situation .
and i &apos;m one of my graduate students who know i &apos;m interested in my feminist program years ago -- i &apos;m a feminist , and i &apos;m still a feminist -- asked me a very strange question .
he said , &quot; what is your feminism ? &quot;
i thought , &quot; this is the stupidest question i &apos;ve heard in my life . &quot;
the sex rejects all stereotypes about gender , and there &apos;s nothing in feminism . &quot;
but when i think about the question , i started thinking about a feminine thing .
let &apos;s say there &apos;s something , the average female brain is different from the brain &apos;s brain , which makes us more careful in social relationships , and it &apos;s more susceptible to the defenders .
in fact , if we were very concerned about protecting individuals in the u.s. , if we could have more mothers , we would know how to protect them from a concept , but we knew how to protect each other .
it &apos;s perhaps the place that we need to go on in the future -- we think more about the fact that we think about the individual bodies of the individual individuals , when we think about the body of the identity of identity .
so when we try to create more perfect contingents , we think about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i &apos;m amanda and this is me .
but before i show you what &apos;s happening in you , i &apos;m going to admit , i &apos;m obsessed with the room .
i like to find out , i &apos;m wearing , and i &apos;m writing the photos of different colors and crazy clothes for each situation .
but i don &apos;t buy anything new .
i take all my clothes and take the second hand from the savings store .
oops , thank you .
the second hand allows me to allow me to reduce its impact on the environment and the environment on the environment .
i meet all sorts of perfect people -- money usually goes to a good place -- i look very different -- and that &apos;s what it does for me as my own personal treasure .
what do i do today ? i say .
will it be in my body ?
what would you like color ?
is it going to be under 20 bucks ?
if all the answers are yes , i feel like i won .
i want to go back and show you what i &apos;m doing for this exciting week at ted .
who brings all these clothes together ?
so i &apos;m going to show you exactly what i mean .
i brought seven pair ornaments to that .
i just put a week of internal laundry , which is all that .
i &apos;d bet that everything i could find when i came to the palm springs i could find my palm springs .
and before you didn &apos;t know me , i was a woman walking around ted around ted -- that means i found a couple of things .
and now i want to show you my clothes for a week .
does it sound nice ?
and when i do that , i &apos;m going to tell you a couple of life classes , or don &apos;t believe , none of these things are new .
let &apos;s start with sunday .
i call it a bright tiger .
you don &apos;t have to spend a lot of money to look great .
you can look at almost 50 dollars at all .
it was the cost of all this dress , which is the cost of me , and i &apos;ll wear all the week .
pm : color must be strong .
if you wear shiny red pants , it &apos;s almost impossible to be in a bad mood .
if you &apos;re lucky , you &apos;ll get your other happy people .
tuesday : harmony is exaggerated .
i spent a lot of my life trying to be a great part of my life and also to adapt .
that &apos;s not just that .
if you get to the right people , they will not be able to understand that , they &apos;ll do it .
on wednesday : embrace the child you have .
sometimes people say , you &apos;re playing a lot more games than i &apos;m wearing them , or i remember them in seven years .
i love laughing and i say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
pm : the most important thing is to trust itself .
if you think you &apos;re good about something , it &apos;s certainly not .
and if you think you &apos;re not good about something , you probably think .
this day , i grew up with a mother who said this day .
but i understood what this meant , but when i was 30 years old .
and i &apos;m going to just blow it up just a second .
if you believe you &apos;re a beautiful person inside and outside , there &apos;s no one to get your eye .
so we have no room for this audience .
we &apos;re going to break it when we want to break it .
thank you .
friday : universal reality -- five words for you : the whole thing is wearing a red cowboy .
and finally , saturday : the whole world is a great way to develop your own personal style to try to give you something that you want to make a word .
i &apos;ve proven that there are people who come to me this week , and i have proven that there are a lot of good conversations .
it &apos;s obviously not going to work in my little little little script .
before i go home to brooklyn , i will donate everything .
because the lesson that i &apos;m trying to learn to myself this week is to allow me to go .
you don &apos;t have to be emotionally attached to these clothes , because every time , every corner , i &apos;m waiting for one crazy , colorful , colorful outfits , and i &apos;m looking for me a little bit of love .
thank you very much .
thank you .
everybody , good evening .
there &apos;s something i want to show you .
think of it as a magnet .
we call it intelligent design .
i &apos;m going to talk a little bit about this .
now , let &apos;s take this picture -- i &apos;m a genius , and every single male boy in italy , and every single man in italy grows up with this picture , and the goal of showing this is something interesting in the past decade .
a time ago , the formula is taking the bill to win the formula , and you take this budget to a good driver and a car .
and if the car and the driver are good enough , you won the race .
now , in order to win the race , you need something like this -- the real time is that it &apos;s a couple of thousands of sensors that are collecting information from the car to the system , and then it &apos;s a system that allows us to put information back into the system , and then bring the information back to the car and make it a real time .
the engineering component is called real-time control system .
basically a system consists of two components -- a perception component and a operating component .
what &apos;s interesting today is that real-time control systems are involved in our lives .
in recent years , our cities have been covered with networks , electronic equipment .
open air computers .
and they react in different ways , such as computers that are on the open air , and their services .
if we can fix our cities , this is a very important situation .
i want to talk about it as a side point , where our cities represent only two percent of the skin of the coral , but the world &apos;s population is about seven percent .
they comprise about seven percent of energy consumption ; they are responsible for the co2 percent of the co2 emissions .
if we can do something about our cities , it will be important .
beyond the cities , all this perception and operating components also affect everyday objects .
this is an exhibition of paola antonelli in moma during the summer .
it &apos;s called &quot; talk with me . &quot;
our stuff , our environment , started talking with us .
in a sense , the picture of the outer world has started to be both a sensor and a operating component .
and that makes us radically change our interactions with the people in the world .
in a sense , like michelangelo &apos;s dream .
you know , when moses was doing the statue , he was told , &quot; you know , i &apos;m going to take the statue and take it to moses -- it &apos;s actually a little dorsal , &quot; and he said , &quot; you know , why don &apos;t you sleep ? &quot;
for the first time , our environment began to talk with us .
and i &apos;ll show you a few examples of the idea of perception and installation .
let &apos;s start with perception .
the first project i want to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
he was in italy four and a half years ago .
and what we &apos;re doing is actually distributed to the whole world -- the mobile phone network -- used to use a new network that &apos;s been formed in time , and using anonymous information that &apos;s collected by the operator in the network .
it was a very lucky story -- 2006 .
italy won the world cup .
some of you would remember , italy was playing with france , and eventually he struck a player with his head .
anyway , eventually , italy won .
now , i just want to see the movement on the network , and i want to draw attention to those things that day .
here you see the city .
you see the acropolis in the middle , and it looks at the chambal river .
the morning before .
you see the line on the top .
in the afternoon , people in various places are searching and moving .
the game starts -- silence .
france takes the goal . it takes a goal .
the first half goes , people are getting a toilet and they get a toilet .
the second half is the normal time of the game .
the first half of it is the second half .
it &apos;s a moment of shooting .
italy wins . yes !
that night everybody went to the city center to celebrate .
you saw the big altitude ridge .
the next day , he was gathered in downtown to meet his team and his prime minister .
and then everybody landed on the bottom side of the map .
here you see the place called punta massimo , who has been gathering here since the roman times -- there &apos;s a big party , you see a big party , you see the hill at the end of the day .
just one example of the examples we could use to perceive this city , we couldn &apos;t do it a few years ago .
let &apos;s give a quick example of perception : it &apos;s not about these people , but it &apos;s about what we use and what we consume .
we know where our goods come from today .
this map shows where all the parts of a mac can come from where they come from .
but we know little about where these artifacts go .
so we &apos;ve developed small labels that are moving into the system within this project .
and about a year ago , we started with a couple of volunteers in seattle , which helped us collect their belongings , which helped us , and you can see what they &apos;re doing -- they &apos;re going to have these things .
then we followed a small chip , a small tag , put it on top of the trash .
these are the results we get .
seattle seattle seattle
a week later .
we found that the system is very inefficient .
we can actually do the same thing with less energy .
these data didn &apos;t exist before .
however , there are a lot of accidents and mixed events .
but we believe that we &apos;re still in the world , if we &apos;re still taking away every day .
and if we realized that that cup was permanent .
we can give people a change in their behavior .
that &apos;s the goal of the project .
my colleague at mit , elliott lessig , can give a lot more information about perception , and it can tell the incredible things that can be done with perception , but i want to go to the second half of what we &apos;re talking about , which is to move our environment into action .
the first project is what we did in spain a few years ago .
and the mayor of the city started to come to us with a question , and there &apos;s a beautiful tradition about how spain and south europe can use water to use architecture in public places .
the question was : how could technology be added to the new technology , the new technology , how ?
one of the ideas that were developed at mit in a workshop on a ceramic study was a pipeline that was connected to a pipeline with a pipe .
you create a wall that &apos;s comprised of the water .
if the pixels drop , you can create a text , shapes , images , text .
and you can get out of the inside , and you can see it , as you can see in this picture .
we presented this to the mayor .
she loved it .
and he was commissioned to design a building in the window .
we call the building the digital water .
all the building consists of water .
it doesn &apos;t have the gate or window , but it &apos;s going to be open to enter the inside .
the roof will be covered with water .
and if you have a little wind , you can reduce the roof by cutting a little bit of water .
or you can unlock the building , and it &apos;s going to disappear all the architecture in this case .
they tell us that this winter , when the roof was lifted down , there were people who visited the building , and they were sending the building to us .
no , they &apos;ve destroyed the building , they &apos;re almost empty when they get the roof .
here you can see how the building works .
here you see the person who &apos;s trying to learn what happens inside the building .
and i &apos;m trying to get the brakes that run the water .
i &apos;ll tell you what happens when the sensors don &apos;t work .
it was even more fun that night .
all the young people in valencia came to building because the building had changed .
the building was no longer available to you , but still there were holes and bumps in the water stage , and you had to walk out of the inside of it .
so that &apos;s really interesting for us , because architects , engineers and designers are always thinking about how to use what we design as engineers .
but what &apos;s going to happen actually is that what &apos;s going to happen is hard .
it &apos;s the beauty of doing things on the side of the people and doing things that interact with them .
this is a image of the building , which has these physical features , the pixels that have a lot of the size of the water .
and that allowed you to think about the project that i &apos;m going to show you now .
imagine that these squares can fly .
imagine you have little helicopters that can move in the air , and think about the light that &apos;s changing every one of them -- like a cloud that can move in space .
here &apos;s the video .
in your mind , it &apos;s a helicopter that &apos;s acting in sync with similar examples , as we &apos;ve seen before .
you can get this cloud .
you may have a kind of flexible screen , like this -- two dimensions .
or it &apos;s a regular , three-dimensional , three-dimensional thing that changed here , not the location of the pixels .
you can play a different kind of way .
imagine that your screen can be in different scales or scales , different scales .
but all of this is a 3d digital cloud that you can walk through and you can see in many ways .
this is actually going down to create a regular set of slides that you &apos;ve seen before .
you can see the fact that you see the light , so that &apos;s the same as we &apos;ve ever seen .
and imagine that each of them is being administered by people .
every single image is controlled by the movement of people , or through the actions of people .
i &apos;m going to show you the first time that i &apos;m going to show you something .
and with one of the leading ballet composers in today , we &apos;ve done a 3d place in the metropolitan and milan scala in new york , in new york -- and we captured their moves in a 3d place in la scala .
you can see roberto dancing here .
you see the pixels that are captured on the left .
the actual real-time scan was also used to capture and capture .
so the whole movement is from the beginning .
you can reconnect .
it &apos;s possible to play with them and with colors and motion , and then play with them and motion .
so we want to use this as a possible for the fly .
i &apos;d like to show you the last project that we &apos;ve been dealing with .
we &apos;re working on the olympics in london .
it &apos;s called cloud .
so here &apos;s the idea that when you make people make things , they change our environment , and what we call the cloud , but in this case , there &apos;s a cloud .
think of everybody contributing to a photo-real .
and what &apos;s been interesting in recent years is that , in the past decade , we have crossed virtual world from the physical world .
we &apos;ve digitized all our knowledge , and we &apos;ve made it accessible through the internet .
for the first time today -- and this is the first time that obama showed us the campaign campaign -- from the digital world to the power of networks from the power of networks .
in our case , we want to use it to design a symbol of the expo and make it .
this means construction in a city .
but tomorrow , in order to overcome the challenge we are waiting for today -- think about climate change or co2 emissions -- how we can change from the digital world to the physical world .
there was an idea for people to do that in a public way .
what a real cloud is , this cloud of cloud is a cloud of pixels .
and those particles are a cloud of clouds that are a cloud of galaxies .
it &apos;s a physical structure with the pixels in london .
they can walk around and experience different kinds of experience .
you can just share the most important moments of the events , and then you can share the most important moments of the events in the world and then to connect with society .
it &apos;s going to be possible for the sky to be in the sky , and it &apos;s possible to go up to the top of london .
you can go to the inside .
and it will be a new kind of city icon , but most importantly , it &apos;s going to be a new experience for everybody who &apos;s going up up there .
thank you .
it &apos;s very important for me as a artist .
i try to tell you that people are not separate from nature , and that everything is connected .
for the first time i went to antarctica 10 years ago , i first saw the iceberg .
i was a fan .
when i was trying to figure out what was happening in my face , my heart moved fast , my heart was coming .
it was about 60 feet above the depths of the mountains around me , and i couldn &apos;t stop thinking about how i was able to make a profit of snow over the years .
they &apos;re made out of mountain ice or ice shelves , or they &apos;re formed .
every iceberg has its own personality .
they have a different form of communication with their supporters and their counterparts .
some of them ignore the rejection , and the bitter end of the bitter end , some of them fall out of a dramatic crisis of passion .
and when you look at a iceberg , they &apos;re easy to think they &apos;re isolated , they &apos;re separate and lonely . we &apos;re the same as people we &apos;ve looked at ourselves like this .
but it &apos;s very important .
when you get a iceberg , i &apos;m pulling it into my ancient atmosphere .
and when the iceberg is growing , it gives rich freshwater water to the minerals that feed many lives .
when i take the picture of these glaciers , it &apos;s like the pictures of these glaciers , and i &apos;m just looking at the portraits of my older family , and i &apos;m going to see them again , once again , again .
it &apos;s not a death , but it &apos;s not a death , but it &apos;s a continuation of their journey on the living sphere .
so some of the mountains i &apos;ve taken a picture are a lot of young people -- 20 years old .
and some of them are more than 100,000 years old .
i &apos;m going to show you the last couple of pictures i &apos;m going to show you , a glacier that i photographed in greenland .
it &apos;s a very rare prospect to witness the fall of a iceberg .
and here it is .
you can see this little boat on the right .
this is about a five-meter boat .
and i want to take your attention to the water in the water .
as you can see , boat has gone against the boat , and the guy is there .
this is the average size of a greenland iceberg .
the water is about 120 feet , or 40 feet above it .
and this video is also a shot .
and so , therefore , a iceberg shows you another side of its personality .
thank you .
i have a few wonderful projects in my life .
but that &apos;s the most amazing thing i do .
this is called parol .
sleep is the first , in the &apos; 80s , in the early &apos; 80s .
and one day she came home and said , &quot; daddy , my feet are wandering . &quot;
and that was the beginning of als .
now the mola is completely paralyzed .
it just can move his eyes .
i was holding it .
i have a company that makes design and animation , so obviously , the graffiti is absolutely popular in the art of art and something we respect .
and so we decided that we would sponsor tony , sleep , and his purpose .
then i went to meet his father and his brother , and he said , &quot; we &apos;ll give you this money .
what do you do with money ? &quot;
and his brother said , &quot; i want to talk to tony again .
i just want to communicate with him and interact with me , &quot; he said .
and i said , &quot; well , i &apos;ve seen stephen hawking , do i have all the paralyzed people communicating with these devices ? &quot;
and , his brother says , &quot; no , if you &apos;re not in the top level , you can &apos;t actually do it .
these devices are not the equipment that people can access . &quot;
and i said , &quot; well , how do you communicate ? &quot;
did everyone see the movie &quot; butterfly and diver &quot; ?
so , this is how they communicate , and they take their fingers .
i said , &quot; this is very old . how can this be ? &quot;
i came up with just writing a check to them , and i wrote a check that i had no idea how to get cash instead .
i promised her father and his brother , and i promised him , &quot; oh , here &apos;s an agreement : we &apos;re going to talk about tony , we &apos;re going to get a machine , and we &apos;re going to find a way to perform the art again .
because it has nothing to do with the art , but it is unfair to convey it . &quot;
so a couple of months later i spoke to a conference .
i met with the people called the lp research board , and they have the technology that reflects light on each surface , and then they have the technology that allows them to be able to be able to do it with a laser .
so they go somewhere and they make art images like this .
everything goes up here , they said a life cycle .
it starts with the first sexual organs , and then it starts with defamation , and bush &apos;s confessions , and people actually have art .
but they always had a cycle of life .
so i went home , and i was eating food with my wife , and i was talking about this , and i was like , &quot; well , if we know that a second of a second , we have a way to control the technology , &quot; and it would be cool .
so the journey started .
and about two years later , about a year later , we did a couple of things , and we had a couple of things around and around .
we broke the doors of the insurance companies , and we took one of the stephen hawking machine that would actually allow to communicate to sleep .
that was fantastic .
and that person is one of the most beautiful , and i call it the 1980 , because you talk to him , you get a electronic mailbox , and you &apos;re like , &quot; i &apos;m not valuable . this guy &apos;s very surprising . &quot;
and what we did was we brought all over the world from all over the world to our homes from all over the world .
my wife and my children and i moved to the back garage , and these hackers and programmers and programmers and programmers came home .
so because we did this , our friends thought we were absolutely stupid , and a day , all the paintings in the wall were going to come back and forth .
but just like two weeks , we went to the cannes grand , including my children , including my children , including my dog , and we created this .
it &apos;s called a bleak , and you can see the explanation .
we bought this cheap pair of gloves at the cannes beach alley , a little copper wire and a little bit of a little bit of a piece of a radio shack .
we got the psi camera , and it &apos;s integrated with an led light light , and now there &apos;s a device , and now it &apos;s free , you can download the code , you can download the program free .
and we certainly did a device without any constraints .
no insurance company .
there &apos;s no room for that .
now , who is the ability to actually draw their eyes from using their eyes or interact with it .
thank you .
thank you very much . that &apos;s fantastic .
at the end of the two weeks , we went to sleep .
i love this picture , because this is somebody &apos;s room and this .
and then it &apos;s a joke to make a product .
and for a year , planning , 40 weeks programming , the cholesterol festival , and all night stays , tony , the first time , went back for the first time .
and this is an amazing picture , because this is her life support system , and it &apos;s looking at life support .
we put the bed out , and you can see it .
and we built on the wall outside the hospital outside the hospital .
and for the first time , again , you can just imagine the family and the friends in front of his family , and the parking in the parking .
the funny thing is , we were forced to enter the park , so we felt completely legal .
at the end of this , he sent a email to us , and this is what he wrote : &quot; it was the first time i was able to live in this seven years .
it was like i was under water , and finally someone got me to me , and then someone pulled me down , so i could breathe . &quot;
isn &apos;t that amazing ?
this is something that we celebrate .
that &apos;s what makes us go on and develop .
and there &apos;s a very long way to go with this .
this is a very surprising device , but it &apos;s like a wooden wooden wood .
one of the artistic potential is more rights .
so we &apos;re under the process of trying to figure out how to do it better , faster , powerful .
since then , we have all kinds of information .
we won many awards .
remember -- that free -- none of us get money over this .
every cost comes out of our pockets .
the good rewards are &quot; oh , this is fantastic . &quot;
armstrong thrilled us , and then in december , time magazine showed us the best 50 in 2010 , and this is really good .
it &apos;s the most beautiful thing about this -- and this is what &apos;s called the &quot; art of streets &quot; in the city of los angeles in april , and this is what &apos;s called &quot; the art of the streets . &quot;
and &quot; the art of the streets &quot; exhibition will be a good artist of art art -- graffiti , shepar socol , wo-ot -- these guys are all there .
it &apos;s going to be a bonus show , this is great .
actually , what i want to talk about : if you see something impossible , do it .
everything in this room was impossible -- this is the scene , this is a computer , this developer , dub -- somewhere .
it &apos;s a bunch of -- everybody in this room .
i &apos;m not a programmer , i &apos;ve never done anything about viewing technology , but i just noticed something and i combined myself with some interesting people .
and when you have something to do every day , this is the question , if it &apos;s not , what &apos;s the hell ? and if i &apos;m not , who ?
thank you everybody .
you know , i write for kids , and most likely i write the most read children &apos;s books .
and i always say i don &apos;t want to look like a scientist .
i could come in in the farmer &apos;s lap or the cows , i say , and no one ever opted the farmer .
i &apos;m going to talk to you today about the secrets of circles and some things .
you know , we &apos;re going to leave the secret of something .
a block is an official circle , when we go forward .
he made a friend named richard zog .
i &apos;m going to talk to you today about a complex circle .
my circle in the &apos; 60s started in a high school in shekhar , ohio . i was in the classroom .
every week , in the men &apos;s toilet , i was a kid who was beaten to save my life .
he saved my life by allowing teachers to use the toilet in the room .
this is for three years .
he did it .
and i had to get away from that city .
i had a thumb , i had 85 dollars , and i went to san francisco , california -- i found myself a love in the &apos; 80s , and i heard about the need to work with aids in the &apos; 80s .
two or three years ago , i received a phone call from that teacher in a half of the night , &quot; i see you , i see you .
i &apos;m delighted that we can &apos;t see each other as adults .
please come to ohio , and please bring that woman that i know has found so far .
i must say that pancreatic cancer and please hold your hand quickly . &quot;
the next day we were in cleveland .
we looked at it , we laughed , we laughed , and we saw it needed to stay in a nursing .
we found one , we took it there , and we looked at it , and we were interested in the family , because it was necessary .
it was something that we knew how to do .
and as a woman who wanted to know me as a grownup , a box turned into tears , and i was put in my hands .
and what happened was that the circle was closed , and it turned into a circle -- and i was talking about the secret of the phenomenon .
the secret is that death is part of life .
he saved my life , and i was a partner .
and you know , the part of life needs the other part of it .
and it wants beauty and beauty and i &apos;m very happy that i &apos;m talking about it here .
in addition , dignity , love and happiness , and it &apos;s our job to give others our job .
thank you .
the idea behind the computer computer mouse is actually quite simple .
we don &apos;t want iran to get a bomb .
the main vehicle of their nuclear weapons production is the ambo uranium enrichment facility .
these are gray boxes that you see , real-time control systems .
if we can make these systems that control the speed of work and control , we can cause a lot of problems .
gray boxes don &apos;t use windows software ; they &apos;re completely different technology .
but if we manage to put a good windows virus on the computer that &apos;s using this gray box , then we &apos;re doing business , it means we &apos;re doing it .
this is the scenario behind that .
so we start with a system that will reduce windows .
the main load goes to the gray box , damaging the centrifuge , and the iraqi nuclear program has been delayed ; it &apos;s been done .
that &apos;s easy , right ?
i want to tell you how we do this .
when we started researching on the web six months ago , it was completely unclear what the purpose of this thing was .
the only thing that is known is that windows is a very complicated part of the windows , and multiple zero days were used .
and this gray boxes seemed to be like doing something with this real real-time system .
it took us our attention , and we started a lab project , we &apos;ve covered our environment with it , and we &apos;ve tried this thing .
and then there were very funny things .
he acted like a mouse experiment , and he didn &apos;t like it , but he didn &apos;t want food .
it didn &apos;t make me meaningful .
and after the experiments that make different tastes , i realized that this is directly a direct attack .
it &apos;s completely wired .
it doesn &apos;t do a thing on a gray box , even if it &apos;s the main program that tries to spread the virus in the right room , and it doesn &apos;t have a lot of gray box .
it took me a lot of attention , and we started working on it full-time , because i thought , what do we do ?
let &apos;s say that the power plant in the united states could be a chemical facility or a chemical facility in germany .
first of all , we need to find it .
we &apos;ve put out the code code , and we &apos;ve figured out , we &apos;ve discovered , and we &apos;ve discovered that two digital bombs are built on a big scale .
and we &apos;ve also seen that they &apos;ve worked very professionally with all kinds of information taken from the inside .
they knew the outside of what was going on .
they probably knew the shoe number of shoes .
so they knew everything .
and if you think that the fake and high-tech product of the computing is complex , i &apos;ll tell you that it &apos;s very complicated .
it was more difficult than anything we saw before .
you see an example of the code code .
we &apos;re talking about a decimal source code .
it looks like it &apos;s very old .
and i want to tell you how we make meaning from these codes .
first of all , we &apos;re looking at the system , because we know what it works .
and then we were looking at the instruments and data structures and trying to relate them to real world -- potential targets .
so we need the targets that we can identify or we can .
in order to get their theories , remember that , it has to be a very high level of activity , a very high value , and probably in iran , because it &apos;s the place where the most transmitted transmission is reported .
you don &apos;t find a few thousand targets in that area .
we were simply between the iraqi nuclear power facility and the podravka fuel enrichment facility .
he said , &quot; let &apos;s bring a list of all the solar-powered and power plants in our clients . &quot;
and i gave them a phone , and i persuaded them to convince them that they had their expertise and data .
and it worked pretty well .
the little digital nuclear title is linked to the power control .
the wheel is black , which is moving in a centrifuge .
and if you can do that speed at the speed of this wheel , you can break the wheel and you can spray it at the end .
another thing that we saw was that the attack was slowly slow and bizarre -- the purpose to complain about the maintenance engineers was that they would not solve the problem quickly .
the big digital war title -- we had a chance to look closely at data and data structures .
as a model , the number two corresponds to this code -- you don &apos;t get it .
i started looking at the scientific literature , which is how it actually produced , and how it was made in the structure , and it was , and i found out that every single level , and it had every level of oxygen .
and it was meaningful , it was a match .
and then it went better .
these protocells in iran are identified in the structures called the 15 section .
and guess what we found in the code code .
it &apos;s almost synonymous .
so again , it &apos;s a good match .
and that raises a high confidence about what we &apos;re interested in .
now i &apos;m going to tell you about this , that &apos;s how it did .
these results were achieved after several years of hard work .
and we had to start the deadlock , and we had to start .
anyway , we realized that both digital wars were focused on the single and the same goal , but from different perspectives .
the little war title was taking one notch , and the motors turned them down , and the big war called the big war , and he was manipulating the air .
so , we were really convinced that what we found was what the goal was .
the target is based solely on 2.3 .
so we didn &apos;t need to worry about any other goals that could be shot by the hackers .
there are some things that really affect me .
there &apos;s this gray box , and there &apos;s a centrifuge on it .
now , to capture the input of the input from the sensor that this thing does is -- like pressure sensor and vibrating sensor -- and to provide the existing code , which is still working with false input data during the attack .
and as a result , this false input data was recorded earlier by the previous .
so , just like hollywood movies , the camera camera has been closed before the recording camera .
isn &apos;t that cool ?
the idea here is not just to fool operators at the open room .
it &apos;s actually more dangerous and aggressive .
the idea is to intervene the digital security system and prevent it .
we need digital security systems in places where mobile operators can &apos;t act quickly .
for example , in a power plant , the steam pump is speeding down , you put the evacuation tubes in the air .
in fact , it cannot be done by human beings .
so we need digital security systems .
and when they were ignored , they could be very bad .
the plant could be destroyed .
and the system or the security system can &apos;t understand that .
that &apos;s frightening .
but it &apos;s getting worse .
and that &apos;s very important to me .
think about it . this is the attack .
it &apos;s not specifically related to the combination of modular replacement .
so it can work very well in a power plant , or in a car factory .
this is a general thing .
and as an attacker , you don &apos;t have to give this job to the usb memory , as we &apos;ve seen in the mri .
you can also use traditional worms for spreading .
as much as you can .
and if you do that , you eventually get a weapon of mass destruction .
this is a result that we have to face .
so unfortunately , it &apos;s the most intense place of such attacks , not the middle east .
the united states , europe and japan .
all these green areas are rich environments .
we need to deal with results , and we should start preparing .
thank you .
i have a question .
he thinks that the main responsibility for this is the fact that people are the main culprits of this .
are you thinking that ?
ralph rees : okay , do you really want to hear this ?
yeah . ok .
i think the cia is involved , but his head is not israel .
the real power behind this is the cyber conflict .
there &apos;s only one , and this united states -- thank you very much .
because other things would be even bigger .
thank you for so much as much as ralph .
i spent a couple of years in the last few years , and i spent a lot of time thinking about dangerous situations .
i went to jail -- a difficult situation .
i worked in a coal mine -- a dangerous situation .
i &apos;ve been filming in the fields of war -- both difficult and dangerous .
and i spent 30 days just eating this . i was particularly fun , and it was a little hard , and it became very dangerous in the middle .
in fact , my only goal was to look at the things that seemed to be the only purpose of my entire career , and to look at the social problems , and try and make them available for the audience , and to make them accessible and entertaining for them .
i knew i &apos;d come up with a little bit of what i &apos;d like to talk about before i learned a little bit about the world of branding and branding .
i put a billboard on ebay just a few weeks ago when you heard about it or not heard .
i emailed a couple of facebook , and i emailed the twitter message , and i gave people the opportunity to buy the right of my tedtalk .
well , you &apos;ve heard the right thing , or a company , or a company , or a non-profit institution , or a non-profit institution , which is going to be able to be able to come up with the right name of the talk , which is , i &apos;m sure , that the talk of the conversation is that it &apos;s not going to let me talk about the rights of the talk , and that &apos;s what &apos;s going on .
as a result , this is what i &apos;m proposing : &quot; your head is here . i don &apos;t talk about the ted talk -- and depending on content , you can reduce you or your company in a difficult situation , especially because you &apos;re sponsoring you .
but at the same time , this is a very good media opportunity ! &quot;
how many people are watching these ted tedtalks ?
it &apos;s too much .
by the way , this is the draft version of the title .
and despite these warnings , i knew someone would get the name rights .
if you were asked to ask me a year ago , i wouldn &apos;t tell you that .
but in the new project i &apos;m working now , i &apos;m going to be the new film , and we study the marketing world , advertising .
and as i said earlier , i had to put myself in some horrible situations over the years , but nothing , but nothing , but it was so hard to negotiate with these guys , or so on .
as you know , i had an idea to make a film .
what i &apos;d like to do is to make a film that &apos;s all about product generation , marketing and advertising , and it &apos;s a film that &apos;s completely product , marketing and advertising .
and the film &apos;s called &quot; the most amazing film &quot; .
this is the &quot; most amazing film &quot; that all of the things are going to be done by the beginning , from the beginning to the end of the end of the brand , and the name of the name that you &apos;re going to see in the movie is x brand .
now , this is a brand , and it can be a philips stadium or a dallas center .
these people will be married to the film -- forever forever .
and so that &apos;s the idea of the whole idea -- ( michael hussein : this is unnecessary . what is this unnecessary ?
i &apos;m an unnecessary person .
i said that to emphasize more .
it was , &quot; it &apos;s always . &quot;
but we &apos;re not going to just use x brand sponsors , we &apos;re going to sell all the categories we can do in the movie .
so maybe we &apos;ll sell a shoe , and it &apos;s going to be the most amazing shoe you &apos;re wearing .
or what you can see is the most amazing car that you can see , &quot; the most amazing movie ever sold &quot; , with the contribution of &quot; the most magnificent film sold &quot; .
so your idea is to make sure that brands are part of the lives of people , and are they going to fund their movie ?
and actually , this is how all these things do .
the goal of this film is transparency .
you &apos;re going to see all the processes in this movie happen .
so this is the whole idea of the whole film .
and i would be very happy that he helped do this .
you know , this is actually weird , because when i first heard it , it &apos;s actually the most superior demonstration of honor for a viewer .
i don &apos;t know how clever people are going to be against this .
can you have this point of view ? i don &apos;t want to use the word &quot; angle , &quot; because i have a negative notion , but do you know how it &apos;s going to turn ?
how much money is needed to do this ?
1.5 million dollars
i think it &apos;s going to work with them , but it &apos;s still worth a few big , well-known brand .
who knows , maybe when your film is going on , we &apos;ll look silly .
how do you think the responses to this will be ?
the answers will be big , &quot; no . &quot;
but do you think this sales , because of the movie , is it a difficult sale ?
jk : both of them .
that &apos;s not a positive thing .
so , sir , can you help me ? i need help .
i can help you .
okay .
fantastic .
we need to determine which brands will be .
yeah .
when you look at people you &apos;re talking about .
there are some places that we can go .
close the camera .
and i thought , &quot; close the camera , &quot; i thought , &quot; close the camera . &quot;
in fact , it was literally , &quot; we don &apos;t want to have anything about your movie . &quot;
and as it was here , each other , all these companies suddenly disappeared .
none of them wanted to do anything about this film .
i was surprised .
they didn &apos;t want to do anything about this project .
i was in awe , because the idea of advertising is to put the product in front of the most people that are possible , to make it possible to see it .
in particular , in the modern-day world , the new media is not the main idea of the new media , but is it not that the new distribution tool , which is the main idea in the world of the media , is to get the message to the communities ?
no , that &apos;s just my thinking .
but the problem was , as you can see , there was a fatal error of my mind , and it was error .
no , it wasn &apos;t that mistake or whatever .
there would be no problem .
it wouldn &apos;t be the problem .
but the problem was that this image was represented .
so , if you search for transparency in google , this is one of the first images that you have .
yes , i like it to make it work , sergey brin ! no .
the problem is : transparency is transparent ; the lies of the lies , and the reason is that it can easily be made -- c : it can easily be easily defined , and that &apos;s the one that is defined by the best problem , and perhaps the biggest problem is that it &apos;s the biggest problem .
you know , we &apos;ve heard a lot about transparency recently .
our politicians say it , our president tells him , even our species say it .
but when it comes to turning it into reality , something is suddenly changing .
but why ? actually , transparency is like this strange bear bear .
it &apos;s unpredictable ; it &apos;s like a strange path .
and it &apos;s also very risky .
what is risky ?
there &apos;s a big bowl of bowl pants !
that &apos;s very risky .
when i start talking with companies , and when we say we want to tell them this story , and they say , &quot; no , we want you to tell a story .
so we want you to tell a story , but we just want to tell the story . &quot;
so , when i was a kid , when i was a kid , i was looking at a kind of deception -- this was what i usually put in -- and he said , &quot; my son , there are three species of every story .
the story that you tell me is the story i tell , and it &apos;s real story . &quot;
so we wanted to tell the real story of this film .
but i realized that only one company that was willing to help me , with a company -- and i knew that this was john bond and richard richard for years -- i had to move to my own , and i had to go to the direct companies , and i would have to go directly to companies .
so that &apos;s what we &apos;re starting to understand -- or when i start to understand -- when i start to understand these companies , i found that every company has a problem in perception .
i have my friends and my friends who make a small , huge hollywood movies , like my friends and me .
and the big , big hollywood movies are saying their brand partners that are very successful as their movies .
and i also say , &quot; well , how do we compete with this big , big hollywood movies ? &quot;
and the film &apos;s name will be the &quot; most magnificent movie &quot; .
so how do we see ban in the movie exactly ?
when i &apos;m going to get out of home , i &apos;ll open my bathroom , and then you &apos;ll see the ban ban .
when i met someone , i would say , &quot; are you going to have enough live for this meeting ?
are you ready ? you look a little bit nervous .
i want to help you .
maybe you should use it a little bit before the meeting . &quot;
and we &apos;re going to give one of these amazing smells .
&quot; the botanical fusion &quot; or &quot; paradise winter &quot; may be all the chance to be submitted .
and we &apos;re going to privatise the suggestions for male and women ; it &apos;s solid , it &apos;s played , or whatever .
so we &apos;re coming to the end of two cents .
now i can answer you if you have any questions , and i can get five cents .
we are a smaller brand .
as you just mentioned , we compete with big brands , just like a little bit of competition .
so we don &apos;t have the budgets that other brands have .
and doing something like this -- as you can understand , to remind people to ban -- what we &apos;re interested in .
what words do you use to describe ban ?
ban ...
this is a wonderful question .
the woman : the woman .
you don &apos;t want to define something that people put in their seats .
we are courageous and live .
i think it &apos;s a very good word that makes this category a &quot; fight with the smell and the drought . &quot;
it keeps you alive .
how long it keeps you alive -- better life , more life , more life , three times more live .
things like this give a message to the more positive benefit .
and this is a company that we &apos;re talking about .
what about me ? how did anyone do it ?
i was talking to the streets and interviewing people , like me , ordinary people .
they &apos;re going to tell me something about brand .
how do you describe your brand ?
my cry , is it my own brand ?
i don &apos;t know .
i really love clothes .
in the &apos; 80s , the combination of hip punk , if it &apos;s not , if it &apos;s not a laundry day ...
so hannah , what &apos;s the brand ?
it &apos;s unique .
and i think my style , my style is skydiving .
i love many black color colors , many analysts and things like that .
but usually , i have the sunglasses or the crystals and the crystals , and i love them .
if you had a brand from dan , you would have a classic mercedes mercedes that was open .
&quot; the brand that i am , it &apos;s comfortable to be comfortable .
i don &apos;t know a little bit of a hippie , a piece of nirvana , a little bit of a woman .
ao : i &apos;m a pets .
i sell all the country and the world with pets .
so this is my brand .
in my little teeny industry , this is my brand .
my brand is fedex , because i &apos;ll thank you good things .
2 : the one that &apos;s failed .
is this brand ?
lawyer : i &apos;m a lawyer .
i am tom .
all right , we &apos;re not all tom brand , but i &apos;m not always looking at myself in the range of glamorous and comfortable skydiving .
and so i realized i needed a specialist .
i needed someone in my head , and i needed someone to help me understand what was called &quot; brand personality . &quot;
and so i found a company named olson gojkovic in pittsburgh .
this company , nestle , has helped companies such as bp , warner , warner to explore their own brand personalities .
if they could do it for them , they could certainly do it for me .
you put your pictures , right ?
yeah . my first picture is a picture of my family .
so what you &apos;re talking about is how you think about who you are and your feelings .
they &apos;re people who are shaped by the world .
tell me a little bit about this world .
in this world ? i think the world you live in is the world you live in , and you are people , your friends , your family , your family , your lifestyle .
all of these things merged somewhere , and it started , and i was united in the west virginia , and it started with my family .
what &apos;s the next thing you want to talk about ?
the next thing : this was the most beautiful day i was in my life .
how do you think about who you are and your feelings ?
that &apos;s what i want to be .
i love things that are different .
i love things weird . i love weird things .
and i said to me , &quot; why don &apos;t you say that ? what do you do ?
what is the karasu ? what is your age ?
why is it important to restart the computer again ? what does it represent ?
tell me a few things about this part .
can you give a little information about the person you &apos;re not ?
what else was your life ?
it &apos;s not imperative that fear is imperative . what is the kind of speed that you &apos;re going to get right now ?
no , no , i thank you .
thank you for your sake .
yeah .
well , i don &apos;t know what to do as a result .
there was something crazy in the inside .
what we &apos;re finding is that the brand of the brand is two different things , but morgan williams is a brand , a fun brand .
they &apos;re very similar .
and they &apos;re actually creating almost a paradox .
i think most companies will focus only on one , rather than focusing on two different aspects .
most of the companies -- they &apos;re not sure that they &apos;re not part of human nature -- they &apos;re not afraid of things , but you don &apos;t really understand them , and you &apos;re going to get them to the positive things , and it &apos;s a nice thing to see .
what other brands look like this ?
the first example is the brand of apple .
here you can also see a mini , wii , mini ecology , and the airstream .
we talk to fun brands and thoughtful brands , and all these alternatives are a very powerful , thoughtful brand .
it &apos;s a fun , thoughtful brand . what &apos;s your brand ?
if somebody wanted you to define your brand &apos;s identity , your brand &apos;s personality , what would be ?
do you have a live comment ? are you a person who is eating the blood of people ?
or is there a more calm comment ?
is it a little bit quieter , and you &apos;re awake , lean ?
it &apos;s fun to be fun , such as fun , to be fun , such as ecstasy prince , to be a vibrant , heroic , heroic , heroic , fearless , mystical , loving , mysterious , monstrous , mysterious , monstrous , mysterious .
or do you have a more calm attitude ?
are you thinking , you know ?
are you like oprah , which is kind of like a nomad , a diet that can make a lot of the diet ?
can you , or are you in a safe , balanced , known , known sense of trust , such as the dalai lama or the bell , or in the command , or in the spirit ?
in the process of this film , we &apos;ve talked about over 500 companies , and some of them have live , some of them have a quiet attitude , and they said , &quot; no , no . &quot;
they didn &apos;t want to do anything about this project ; they were afraid that they couldn &apos;t control the main reason . they had no control over the last product .
but we found the stories that would give us the power to tell the stories that were willing to take care of someone like me , who was willing to take control of it , and to tell us , at the end , that we would not be able to tell us about the story of a publisher .
and they also helped us to tell the story of how to use mri in the brain , at the same time , to tell you how to use mri centers in the field of movies and also film films .
we went to san paulo where foreign space ads were banned .
in the last five years , there &apos;s no fun , no poster , no poster , no handwriting . nothing .
we went to schools where companies in america have been trying to reach today .
and for me , what &apos;s amazing is that i &apos;ve been able to go back to the best , and the projects i &apos;ve been able to get back to the greatest achievement , directly in the world .
and these companies are also companies .
they remove the networks , they remove their agencies and they said , &quot; maybe these agencies don &apos;t think of the best for me . &quot;
i &apos;m going to talk directly about the artist .
it &apos;s a different thing to do with it , and it &apos;s going to try to figure out the way we think about people .
so how did this approach have made results ? did it succeed ?
we can now take a look at the movie film festival , which is now being shown at the sundance film festival .
according to plato , the film performed in january , and since then -- and that &apos;s just a small part of the whole thing -- we &apos;ve received 900 million media screenings on the film .
it &apos;s literally a complete week of time for the whole of this word .
these are just the data in digital medium -- print or tv , not tv .
it &apos;s not even the distribution of film .
the film is not published in digital medium . there &apos;s no coverage .
and not yet sent to foreign countries .
so , as a result , this film already has started gaining momentum .
and it &apos;s not a bad project , it &apos;s almost all the advertising agencies that we &apos;re talking about , and it &apos;s almost all the ads that we &apos;re talking about .
i &apos;ve always believed that there &apos;s something that i believe , which is , if you don &apos;t , if you take the risk , it will get opportunities .
i believe that if you pull people away from that , you can actually move people down .
i believe that you &apos;re going to train your employees to take care of risks , so you &apos;re actually willing to be able to test all the companies .
and what i feel is that what is needed is to encourage people to take risks .
we should encourage people not to fear the opportunity to fear them .
at the end , if we go on , i think we should be afraid of fear .
so we put this bear in the cage !
let me cry the fear . keep the risk .
every time we have to take a stick , we have to embrace the risk .
and finally , we need transparency .
today , a little bit of intimacy will have a lot of impact .
and as a result , with intimacy and transparency , all this talk , all this talk , was presented to you by the good friends at amd , which bought the right to buy the right to buy the right to the servers .
the big data makes great opportunities for all organizations worldwide .
it presents &quot; transparency &quot; to the kbp .
thank you very much .
charley cohen : okay , i &apos;m asking for the sake of transparency , which is what happened to 100,000 ?
this is a wonderful question .
at the moment , there is a $ 100,000 in the pocket , which is being written to the ted foundation , which is written in the front of the ted foundation , and the next year i &apos;m not going to join the next ted .
this is a representation of the brain , and we can split your brain into two sections .
the left side is the left side , and the right side is the right side .
and if we do a measure to measure the ability of each neuron to measure , we can roll a graph of our brains .
for example , this will be one of the logic .
this will be a fully trusted person .
so where do you want to put your brain in this scale ?
for some of us , this may be an extreme comment , but i think most of the audience is like this , your brain looks like this -- it &apos;s a high talent in both lobes .
the lobes don &apos;t work in a way that is opposing each other .
you might be rational and intuitive .
and then i thought of myself as one of the other experimental quantum physicists that are very good and can bring these complex ideas together .
but at the same time , we need a good insight to try and try .
how can we develop this notion ? we like to play with something .
so we play with it and then we look at how it works . so our intuition develops .
you do the same thing .
and it &apos;s a little insight that you &apos;ve been developing for many of the years , that anything is going to be certain at a certain time .
what i &apos;m trying to tell you about is that something is going to happen at two different locations at the same time , but you &apos;ve developed this concept , you &apos;re not born .
i remember i was seeing a walking child on the sidewalk .
it was a baby and it was not good about it , and it was coming out of it .
but if i go to the counter , it &apos;s a really important lesson to play with that obstacle , and it &apos;s going to give you a lot of good instruction , and it &apos;s going to stay in place as a whole .
this is a great conceptual model for the world , if you &apos;re not a particle physicist .
this is a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they &apos;re playing with strange little particles , they &apos;re not using car barriers .
and when they &apos;re playing with particles , they &apos;re actually finding all kinds of weird things -- or they &apos;re going to be in two different locations at the same time .
and then when they read all these observations , they call it quantum mechanics theory .
a few years ago , this was where physics was found -- you needed quantum mechanics to describe small , tiny particles .
but it wasn &apos;t necessary to define the big , everyday objects around us .
that &apos;s really not about my concept , maybe i didn &apos;t have a lot of particles .
sometimes i &apos;m playing , but not very often .
and i never saw them .
nobody has ever seen a particle .
but it wasn &apos;t rational to me .
because if everything is made out of small particles , and the quantum mechanics for all the small particles , then why don &apos;t you have quantum mechanics ?
i don &apos;t see a reason to not be .
and if we do a sense of the everyday lives of quantum mechanics , i will feel better .
so a few years ago , i just went out to do this .
and i did one .
this is the first object that you see in the mechanical quantum particle .
what we &apos;re looking at here is a little computer chip .
you can look at this green dot in the middle .
i &apos;m going to talk about this metal piece over the next minute .
this is a picture of this object .
i &apos;m going to zoom a little bit , look at the center .
and here we &apos;re going to see this little piece of metal , very closely .
now what is this little metal piece looking at ? it looks like a foot that goes through a cliff .
i did this in the way that a computer chip was made .
and i went into a clean room with a new silicon circuit , and i took it into a clean room , like it had all the big machines in the machine .
in the last stage , i had to make a machine to open a hole under the device .
this device is enough to create a quantum quantum , but it needs a little bit of help .
let me give you an example of this .
you know , the more uncomfortable elevator is .
i can do all sorts of bizarre movements when i &apos;ve been in the elevator , but when i go to the elevator , i leave these weird things , because i don &apos;t want to scare them , or i don &apos;t want to scare them .
here the quantum mechanics foresee the same same shape in the invisible objects .
it &apos;s not just people who are living for the invisible objects , but also the light of light , the heat and the temperature of the room .
and we know that if we want to see this piece of metal on the quantum mechanics , we have to scare all of the guests .
that &apos;s what we do .
we closed the lights , and we put all the air out of a vacuum , and then we put it into absolute zero , and we heat up to zero zero .
now , as a little bit like a little metal on the elevator , it &apos;s free .
then we observe the move .
and we found it in a strange way .
it was on the ground , it was shaking . it was like , it was like breathing , it was like breathing -- it was expanding and shouting .
and by giving him a lightweight force , we &apos;ve made it clear that it &apos;s not going to make a vibrating , but it &apos;s just something that quantum mechanics is allowed to be .
i &apos;m telling you something really wonderful here .
so what does it mean at the same time , and what does it mean ?
let &apos;s think about atoms .
in our case : the billions of atoms that make up the small piece of metal are all sitting and they &apos;re also moving up and down .
they &apos;re just set for a moment .
the rest of the time are unclear .
this is the same time that every atom means two different locations , which means that the small metal piece is in two places .
i think that &apos;s really great .
really .
and for all of these years , i have to take myself to a clean room , and look at this , because the distance between a single atom and a tiny piece of metal is the difference between the metal and the distance that you have .
if one atom can be found in two places at the same time , this little metal piece can be found in two different locations , but why not ?
this is just the voice of the reasonable side .
imagine if you &apos;ve found multiple places at the same time , how would this happen ?
how would your consciousness manage your body in space ?
there &apos;s another part of the story .
and when we open the lights and open the lights , we found that metal is still there in a single piece .
and so i had to develop this new insight , and all the things inside the elevator seemed to be a little bit like quantum particles .
you &apos;ve heard a lot of talk about how quantum mechanics is connected to each other .
well , that &apos;s not exactly true .
it has more and more bodies .
these connections , all of your connections with all of you , are literally defining who you are , and that &apos;s the very profound part of quantum mechanics .
thank you .
in 2007 , i decided we needed to rethink our thinking about economic development .
the new goal should be to ensure that each family can choose to choose from among a handful of different cities , at least to make sure that they want to live and work .
now we &apos;re very , very , very close to this .
there are billions of people in developing countries , and there is no single city to open their doors .
but the amazing thing about cities is much more than the cost of building them .
so we can easily get dozens of new cities , maybe hundreds of new cities .
if you don &apos;t ever think about new cities , that might seem absurd .
but just put cities in place .
suppose that half of the people who want to live in the slums have a agency -- no other half .
you can try to expand the capacity in addition to all the current buildings .
but you can see this : those buildings and areas that surround them have the rules to prevent the congestion and the distribution of attention .
so it &apos;s very difficult to make all those letters .
but if you can go to a new place , you can build a whole new apartment , which is the rules that allow us to build the rules , instead of building rules there .
i proposed the states to create new major reform areas that could have cities , and i gave them a name : pilot cities .
what i learned later was about the challenges of reform in honduras , and the challenges of the reform in honduras .
they knew they &apos;d be willing to go to the u.s. every year , and they wanted to ask the people to do the same things , and to ask them to do the same things in honduras .
in one place , he said , &quot; we &apos;re going to take part of our empty land , and we put it in a embassy , and we &apos;re going to go to the embassy of canada , and then , if people want to work under the laws of canada or the u.s. , then they can go to canada , and if they want to go to canada , or the u.s. &apos; laws , how do they want to go to canada ?
in summer 2009 , honduras was undergoing a constitutional crisis .
in the next regular election , margarita lobo won the reform , but also a platform for reconciliation .
he asked him to be the general staff .
at that time , i was preparing to give a speech at tedglobal .
and the process of correction and error , error and error , as a result of a lot of user testing , i tried to put this complicated pilot concept .
the first point is the importance of the rules , and it &apos;s like those rules that you can &apos;t ignore , and that &apos;s like all the other apartments .
we pay attention to new technologies , but the technology requires technology and rules , and it &apos;s often the rules that keeps us behind .
in autumn 2010 , a friend from guatemala sent a link to a friend , chaz .
he showed that to javier .
they called me .
they said , &quot; let &apos;s bring this to the leaders of our country . &quot;
so in december , we met a hotel conference in miami .
i tried to explain how much more valuable the cities are worth .
and i use a slide that shows how valuable it is like the new york city city : notice , in some cases , the land is hundreds of thousands of dollars .
but it was a very abstract discussion , and there was a silence for a moment , and he said , &quot; paul , maybe we can follow the ted talk . &quot;
so ted spoke very simple in terms of the very simple forms , and the pilot is in the middle city , and then there &apos;s a chance for people to make the rules and then , in order to make the rules that are going to be there , they &apos;re a chance to live under the rules .
we need this project , and i was recalled by the president of honduras , who said that the way for our country is to move forward .
i was asked to go to pretoria and speak again in january and five .
and i &apos;d like to give you a slide of a slide like this , and i &apos;ve been full of information , and i tried to say , if you want to make a city very valuable , it must be very big .
this is a picture of houston , and it &apos;s a new airport built in seattle .
this airport alone covers more space than 100 square meters .
i was trying to convince the italians that if you build a new city , you have to start at least 1,000 square kilometers .
this is more than 25,000 acres .
everybody applauded it .
the face of the audience was very bad , and everybody was listening carefully .
and the leader of congress came to the stage , and he said , &quot; professor jorge , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we can follow the ted talk .
i have a computer here . &quot;
and i sat down and they had my ted talk .
and the core of the work is that new options can be introduced for people .
in the north , there would be a choice to go to a city in honduras , where it would be hundreds of kilometers away .
and they also included new options for leaders .
because the state leaders in honduras need common countries , and they benefit from common countries that help us to determine the rules and rules in practice , so everyone can really trust the charter .
president lobo &apos;s understanding was also important for many of the different parties in honduras that i think of as a way to come up with foreign investors and to build the city , but also for years of fear , and all of the different parties that have been affected by the city .
we went to a space and looked at it .
this picture was taken there .
it could be a thousand square km .
and shortly after , they voted in the congress on january 19th to change the constitution , to have a constitutional law that allowed private development zones .
in a country that has recently drowned the bloodshed , the number of those who voted for the constitutional change has been in favour of the ruling .
all parties have supported that .
in order to be part of the constitution , you have to actually pass two times .
on february 17th , they passed a vote again .
immediately after that vote , a group of 21 people from 21 and between 24 and 2007 went to the world &apos;s two most eager locations in the world construction business .
one is south korea .
it &apos;s the picture of a new , big city downtown built in south korea , from downtown boston .
everything you see here , after four years of getting permits , was built in four years .
the other place that is very keen to build city is singapore .
china actually built two cities , and they &apos;re preparing for third .
so if you think of it technically , this is where we are .
they have a venue ; they &apos;ve already started to think about using this space for the second city .
they have a system of law that allows managers to come to come , instead of a distributed legal system .
a country has already been in charge of its own supreme court , the new legal system for the new legal system .
they have a very desire city designers and architects .
they can even bring some investment together .
but there &apos;s something that you know , and there &apos;s a lot of owners .
there are many companies in the united states who want to take part in a space , especially free trade space , and there are many people who want to go there .
there are 700 million people in the world who say they want to move to another place now .
there are a million people from latin america to go to the u.s.
a lot of them , a father who left his family to get a job , is a parent mother who has had enough money to buy food or clothes .
unfortunately , in some cases , what kind of idea is a new city building in honduras , trying to think of a family that has not been working for a decade ?
or how about building dozens of thousands of people worldwide ?
what kind of idea would every family have a few options to attract new residents ?
this is an idea worth spreading .
and mr. friends asked you to thank you , ted .
