what if you &apos;re better than you are ?
i wanted to say that you can have a better memory with a couple of changes , more perfect and faster .
you want to be more in simpler shape or stronger .
would you like to be more attractive and trusted ?
what about a healthier life ?
maybe we &apos;re not going to be able to live for more creativity .
what would you love most ?
if you just missed one , what would you choose ?
audience : creativity creativity
how many of you chose creativity ?
raise your hands .
it &apos;s a little bit . there &apos;s probably creative people here .
this is very good .
how many of you have a sense of memory ?
a little more .
so what ?
little less .
what do you say ?
it &apos;s a majority . the doctor has made it good .
if you had one of these , the world would be very different .
is this just a dream ?
or is it possible ?
it was a matter of evolution , but today i want to give you a look at the point of a doctor at ted conference .
a key &quot; in biology &quot; , he wrote a trial called &quot; nothing in biology , except in biology , in the light of evolution in biology &quot; at the russian orthodox church .
if you &apos;re not allowed to accept evidence for biological evolution , it &apos;s a good time for you to take the hearing your personal device , and i let you take a look at kathryn jorgensen &apos;s book , because it &apos;s not going to show you something like that before , because it &apos;s not going to make any sense to you before .
but if you accept biological evolution , think about it : is it just about the past ?
can it apply to others ? or can we apply to us ?
this is another view of life .
in this picture , i put a branch on the center , because if you look at the edge of the tree , it &apos;s all the different kind of evolutionary in the middle of the branches , and they &apos;ve been able to adapt to the environment , and have a harmony .
it &apos;s a tip of this branch , of course , that we &apos;re interested in human beings .
we come from a common ancestor , about seven million years ago .
this is perhaps a different kind of human species .
some of them have gone .
we &apos;ve been here for about a year .
the other parts of life can look like a little bit of a little bit of a little bit , but in fact , for a large part , the cells are very close to the simple system .
are you aware of the system of a common bacteria , and by empowering it , and you &apos;re aware of the protein protein that you can use to treat diabetes ?
this is not a human being , but the same protein that doesn &apos;t distinguish chemical distinguish from proteins to chemical protein .
when you talk about bacteria , are you aware that we can grow more bacteria in the rest of our bodies ?
maybe 10 times more .
think about the bacteria that antonio damasio diagrams would come to mind ?
it &apos;s a perfectly compatible environment for bacteria .
hot , dark and moist . it &apos;s a sincere environment .
and they &apos;re going to give you a lot of effort and give them all the food that they want .
it &apos;s a great life of bacteria for bacteria , but it &apos;s a very important way of life for your life .
bacteria help the food of food , and they fight you against some diseases .
but what &apos;s going to happen in the future ?
are we in a kind of evolutionary balance ?
or if you &apos;re going to be a different species ? maybe you can adapt the environment better .
let &apos;s take a look at the past , billions of years ago , the big bang explosion , the world and the solar system , four and a half million years ago , when the first findings of life in the world and the solar system were born four and a half million years ago .
a short benchmark of the life of the universe is a short benchmark of animals , a little bit shorter and less people .
at the same time .
i hope that the people who are going to be a fun part of the world .
the first year in college is biology .
i fell in love with the power of biology and the power of evolution in the face of biology , and i noticed something very important , and i realized that every cell in the individual form of life would be embedded in all the genetic cells .
but when we come to organisms , things start to change .
it comes into a mating .
and what &apos;s important is that the rest of our bodies are getting recycled from the rest of our bodies and then the rest of our bodies .
in fact , you can say that death in the womb of death is in a evolutionary way .
i have to admit , i thought , reproduction / death , to die , and then it was reasonable , but the year has grown up .
i understood the sensitivity of george burns , who was performing in las vegas .
one night , i was closed .
opens the door .
you see it in front of you .
she says , &quot; i &apos;m here for the super sex . &quot;
george said , &quot; well , can i get a nice soup ? &quot;
i worked as a doctor , and it was different from the purpose of evolution , and it was completely different .
i tried to protect the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to improve disease .
i wanted a healthy and long life .
evolution is to adapt from generation generations to generation generations and adapt to generation generations .
in evolutionary view , you and i have to be able to get the genetic burden to the next orbit to get the next orbit to the next orbit .
woody allen : i think we all know that we &apos;re all going to be able to get access to our work . &quot;
i want you to succeed . &quot;
the evolution is the longest of all .
all right , it &apos;s the biggest , or the most famous , or the brightest , or the most famous .
the evolution of evolution is the best fit to the environment .
this is the only example of survival and the only example of achieving .
the bacteria that love the ocean , the heat that comes out of the ocean , the heat that comes out of the ocean , can tell them what that means in evolution , and i can tell you that there &apos;s a lot of possibilities that we think of as human evolution , and that we think of the next step .
first of all , we reached a kind of balance .
now , human evolution is going to stop .
and the reason for this is that we managed to protect lots of these drugs , and we were going to be able to be elected , and we were able to get the environment as much as we could , as well as the isolation of our evolution , and we were able to see the isolation of our evolution .
the second possibility is that natural evolution is being used by the forces of nature .
the discussion here is that this process is very heavy .
as long as it has gone , it will be possible for the evolution of the evolution and the environmental changes that will happen in a natural way .
but there &apos;s a third possibility , and it &apos;s a terrifying , terrifying possibility .
it &apos;s a new evolution that we call evolution , which is a new evolution that doesn &apos;t involve the nature of nature as individuals that we guide and choose .
how did that happen ?
how did we do that ?
if we think about real , in some cultures today , people can choose about their children .
in some cultures , parents choose to have a male child .
if it doesn &apos;t work for society , it &apos;s not an opportunity but individuals and families do that .
imagine that if you had a simple gender choice , or you had genetic changes that would protect your body from disease , it would be possible .
what if we have the genetic changes that will destroy diabetes and alzheimer &apos;s disease , reduce the risk of cancer ?
wouldn &apos;t you want to do that ?
if we look at the future , these kinds of elections are becoming increasingly probable .
the human genome project started in 1990 and lasted about three years .
we &apos;re reaching a billion dollars .
a year after the end of 2004 , you could do the same job in 2004 for $ 20m in three months .
today , you can get a thousand dollars of genes in the genome genome , and within a week you can get it .
it &apos;s going to be possible if a genome map of 1,000 dollars and everybody can reach .
a week ago , the national engineering academy gave the prize of francis arnold and willem ilves , who developed the institute for independent techniques that accelerated the natural workings of evolution , and a study that allows them to get more effective to proteins that they call &quot; evolutionary evolution . &quot;
a couple of years ago , the prize for the prize of the prize was the adult skin cell , and these changes in the way that the adult cell can change the genome by changing the four genomes , replacing any cell .
we can do it not only against them , but also against others , but also to allow them to be immune to immune resistance .
and no , you &apos;re going to continue to develop a vaccine with a material that grows in the cells of the tobacco plant , in the cells of the tobacco plant .
can you imagine a good thing can happen ?
these are the facts and the future of the future .
and the two small changes in your body .
imagine the cells , but what if you don &apos;t have the cells ?
or if you had a chance to change the egg and egg , or if you could change your egg , you could reduce the risk of diabetes and diabetes , and you could reduce the risk of a healthier life .
who doesn &apos;t want a healthier child ?
and then the same with the same analytical technology is that the same system is possible for us to be able to get a better memory for us , as well as a better memory .
why would we have a lot faster and faster , especially because of a new watson machine , which will allow us to get faster and longer with new watson machine ?
why is it longer longer ?
they &apos;re going to be against them .
and in the future , we &apos;re going to turn the old paradigm into the old generations , and we &apos;re going to turn the evolution into the old style .
it &apos;s the options for which it &apos;s going to require 100,000 years , maybe 100 years , maybe 100 years ago , or they &apos;re going to have the choices they have .
do we use these options to make society better ? better , gentler .
or are we going to make the society more boring or more powerful , or more resourceful for some of the different features that we want ?
we have to confront questions we have to face .
and seriously , can we possibly have the wisdom of wisdom that will allow us to make the wisdom intelligent ?
and for better or worse , and in a close time , these elections will depend on us .
thank you .
now , i want you to imagine that you can &apos;t imagine if you &apos;re going to be able to come up or stand up , or drive your wheelchair up and get a wheelchair .
we call them &quot; robot robots . &quot;
these are actually in the morning , if you &apos;re going to go on to you , and it &apos;s going to help you make extra extra support and help you , and it &apos;s going to help the truth of the machine and the machine .
it &apos;s not just about that , but it &apos;s also something that you can connect with the world and the other devices that you can &apos;t meet with them .
this is not just a product of imagination .
it &apos;s clearly evident that the american soldiers , who are asked to take this thing on their back , are not talking about the average 100 pounds of the average , and they &apos;re going to take the back , and it &apos;s like a number of important things -- 30 percent of these things are causing a number of important breakthroughs .
and we thought , well , we should be able to take this issue and try and solve this problem .
so i &apos;m going to meet you now with the &quot; big cargo of cargo for people &quot; .
the burden of our soldiers : 200 pounds of the burden of a different range of soldiers .
the flexible design allows the movements that require collapse , collapse , the illusion .
what i want to do is it increases power and the ability to see where i want to go .
we &apos;re ready to run this device with our partner , and we &apos;re ready to start this this year .
so it &apos;s a real phenomenon .
now , let &apos;s look at something that &apos;s really exciting to me : the wheelchair is a wheelchair .
it &apos;s estimated that there are 40 million people on the planet .
that &apos;s about one percent of the total population .
that &apos;s an optimistic estimate .
we &apos;re talking about a lot of their lives in the back of the &apos; 30s , &apos; 30s , &apos; 30s , and we &apos;re talking about the damage of the spinal damage , which is the only individual wheelchair .
the older population , however , is increasing .
and the only option for a stroke or another disorder is often the wheelchair .
this is something that has been in the last 500 years since it &apos;s really successful .
so we thought we needed to open a new page on mobility .
now i &apos;m going to show you 19 years ago , and as a result of that , i &apos;ve been trying to promote the system that i &apos;ve ever been wearing -- that &apos;s what i &apos;ve been wearing now -- i &apos;m going to show you the system that amanda myhrvold has been wearing .
thank you .
and you can see amanda on the top of his studio .
they have sensors .
the system that sends signals to the control unit on amanda &apos;s back , which sends signals to the control unit on the back of amanda , doesn &apos;t give body the body .
there &apos;s also a battery box that runs the engines on the roofs and the knee joints , and it allows them to act effectively and naturally .
i was at age 24 when i had a terrible foot i took when i was skiing skiing skiing .
and suddenly i started from the waist .
shortly after that , a doctor came in in the hospital , and he said to me , &quot; amanda , unfortunately . &quot;
that was exactly 19 years ago .
at that moment , the doctor burned all the furniture .
since then , i &apos;ve learned to ski , to ski , to ski , climb rocks and even drive .
but nothing that could allow me to do was invented , until now .
thank you .
you can see , we have technology , we have platforms to sit with you .
everything we have . we have the potential to change the lives of generations of generations , not only by amanda and amanda and amanda , but the life of everyone .
thank you .
i &apos;m part of the development section of a nonprofit company called robin hood in new york .
we were surrounded by flames as an assistant fire unit , a volunteer fire unit .
now , i &apos;m going to be able to provide support to the volunteers , the volunteers who are highly talented , and you &apos;ve got to go to the fire site before you get to fire .
i remember my first patient .
i had a good chance to get involved in the second phase , so i had a high chance .
but in fact , there was a big challenge to see what was going on among other volunteers , and to understand what was going on .
when i found it , he had a very quiet conversation with the host and the host of the house , probably the worst day in her life .
in the middle of the night , the rain was under the rain , and under the rain , it &apos;s a flat foot , the house , it &apos;s the flames .
and the other volunteer , the other volunteer that i just had before i was , came to the village , called it , and i was asked to go , and i was asked to go to the inside , and the owner of the owner was asked to go into the dog &apos;s dog .
the dog ! you can &apos;t walk .
in the rest of the life of a lawyer or someone who manages money , he would tell people to go into a building burning into a building that was burned , and it was going to kill me for five seconds .
i was in the next .
he called me the captain .
he said , &quot; bezos , i want you to go home .
i want you to go down , wake the flames , and i want you to make a pair of shoes . &quot;
thank you .
so , what i &apos;m hoping wasn &apos;t , but i went , i went out of the stairs , i went to the end of the corridor , and i went to the bed room , and i went to the bed room for a pair of shoes .
i know what you think , but i &apos;m not a hero .
i cut the burden of my mission down from the stairs , where i met my wife , and with the precious dog in front front .
we took our home home , and naturally , more attention than me .
a couple of weeks later , the department received a letter from the owner of the house , and he was thanking us for her home .
he had a nice behavior on other things : he brought her shoes to him .
so , as robin hood , as a volunteer fireman , i witnessed a huge scale of generosity and joy , but i also witnessed a huge scale of generosity and courage , but also in personal sense .
and you know what ?
it &apos;s all important .
and when you look at the people who are in this room , or looking at the people who are going to catch or catch them , i can offer you .
you don &apos;t expect somebody to win a change in the life of somebody else .
if you have the ability to give it , now give it .
you serve the food service at home , a park .
be a human being .
every day a person loses the chance to save the life of a person , but every day it allows us to influence a person .
so , you &apos;re going to move -- the shoes save .
thank you .
mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i came from the inside of a community that was creating the secrets of mankind .
this is a place where women are competing in order to show themselves , and that day &apos;s rules are a place where the rules of the sexual sex are a serious business .
oh , that &apos;s not the man or san francisco .
ladies and gentlemen , i &apos;ve met you .
this is the world of bonobo in the old-growth forest of congo .
along with other chimpanzees , the bonobo is the closest of you .
this is a evolutionary grandmother who lived about 40 million years ago .
now , chimpanzees are known to be known .
but unfortunately , when we tell the evolution of human evolution , we really have a lot of emphasis on this .
but bonobos show us the other side of the medal .
the chimps , as they were under the control of big , big men , were fed by the females of the bonobo community .
these guys really don &apos;t really know something , because this has led to a community that has a very high level of weight that has not yet been seen .
but unfortunately , bonobos are the least species of the apes .
they live in the deep depths of the congo , and so it &apos;s very difficult to look at them .
the congo is an extraordinary biodiversity of biodiversity and beauty , but also the scene of the wild conflict , which has lasted for decades and about the world war ii , which lasted about ten years of world war .
it wouldn &apos;t be surprising if this destruction could endanger the lives of bonobo .
it means that meat trade and forests are going to be embedded in a small stadium in the world , and to be honest , we &apos;re not sure that it &apos;s not .
yet , you can hear a hidden secret in the trees of this violence and chaos in the land of chaos .
who are these cousins ?
we know them as the monkeys , because we know the monkeys , because they &apos;re very often , they &apos;re going to be able to control conflict and solve the conflict of sexual relationships .
now , i don &apos;t say that this humanity is a solution to all of the problems of humanity , because there &apos;s more than in the life of the bonobos .
bonobos , like humans , like playing games throughout their lifetime .
the game is not just for children .
for us , for them , the game is a foundation for building and creating friendships .
what we learn from play is where we learn the rules of play .
game creativity increases , and the game is all about the diversity of generation , and the interaction diversity is the diversity of behavior .
and you &apos;re going to see the evolution of the game in the evolution of the game , the evolution of human beings , the dance and the dance .
the game is a platform that holds us together .
now , i don &apos;t know how you play , but i want to show you a couple of wild clips from wildlife .
first of all , this is a kind of a predatory ball , and i don &apos;t mean it .
here &apos;s a young female and men who entered the shooting game .
look at what he does .
it &apos;s got to be an ancient origin , and he said , &quot; he caught it . &quot;
i think that &apos;s pretty happy , right ?
yeah .
here &apos;s the sex game , and it &apos;s common in humans .
and this video is really interesting , because it shows that this video is really interesting , because it shows the creativity of getting things that are not used to play , and it shows that it &apos;s the same way that it makes a sense of trust , and it &apos;s the same time that it makes it worthwhile .
but the game is something that changes .
but it &apos;s something that changes the game , and a lot of play can enter , some of them are more enthusiastic , more enthusiastic , more enthusiastic , more enthusiastic , perhaps being discovered .
and i want you to see that this is a young female , a young female , and she &apos;s playing with water .
and i think , like that , we sometimes don &apos;t see the boundaries of our internal and external world .
and so this is an curiosity that &apos;s kind of curious about research , forcing us to explore , and then we &apos;re not sure that we &apos;re going to be the real real room of creativity .
these are the small representations of the bonobos that have been present to us and our present time .
but they also need greater creativity and greater collaboration with the future that we need to adapt to the world that we need to adapt with secrets in our future .
the secret is the key to all these capacities .
in other words , the game is our adaptive wilderness .
we need the game to adapt to a thriving world .
but are we going to do most of our game ?
the game is not meaningless .
if you don &apos;t have play .
for the bonobo and for humans , life is not just a toothbrush , but for the people .
when the game is deemed to be most problematic , it may be the most important time .
and here , in my primate genome , let &apos;s play with the evolution that comes from evolution , and we &apos;ve redefined creativity , friendship and authenticity .
thank you .
i want you to imagine two pairs of disappointments -- the same day in the middle of the year and the same day -- all right .
each of these pair is making a baby .
i don &apos;t want you to imagine a little bit of a little bit of a baby , because you spend a lot of time trying to imagine that part .
just imagine that moment .
and in this scenario , i want you to imagine , and i want you to imagine this in an example , which is the egg x chromosome .
and in the other case , it carries chromosome x chromosome , and the egg goes into the x x .
it &apos;s both alive , it comes out .
we &apos;re going to return to these people again .
in general , i wear two hats in my work .
in one of these things , i do a history of anatomy .
i &apos;m a history of history , and my work in this area is how people are interested in people , and i mean the human and animal bodies -- the body of the body -- how they think about it , how they think about it .
and as an activist , as a activist , as a activist -- or sometimes i say i said -- i &apos;m using the patient as a patient for people who are patients .
in these cases , the body types of people i work with are challenging social norms .
so , some of the people i work , for example , are the twin twins , one in one body .
some of the people that i work are -- people are very short from the average average average .
and the people that i work with are the people who have a large degree of asperger , and the standard male or standard female body .
we use the term gender , which is a general call .
there are many different forms of gender .
i &apos;m going to give you a few examples of gender examples that don &apos;t fit to standard male or female standards .
in part of these , you have a single set of chromosomes in your hand , and the y gene has a genome of genes , which is the genome that we &apos;re in , and it tells us that the fetus is in us .
and so it &apos;s starting to slow down , and it starts pumping the testosterone .
but this is not a hormone reaction , but this is not a hormone .
and this syndrome is called a sine syndrome .
there are many levels , but there &apos;s no reaction .
as a result , the body is moving towards more and more .
when she was born , she was a girl .
it &apos;s grown like a girl and a girl .
and this girl goes back to the age of puberty , and the girl starts to grow , starts developing , starts developing , but it doesn &apos;t start to figure out what &apos;s going on here .
and to understand , the tests are starting , and in the body , they have a brain , and instead of a parent , they have testicles , and they have a y .
now , the key point that you need to do is you realize that these guys are actually men , but they &apos;re not men .
women , like men , have structures that are referred to as neurons .
it &apos;s the back of our bodies .
and the kidney is the ones that are able to grow down , so sex hormone .
so many women like me -- i accept myself as a typical woman -- i don &apos;t know if i &apos;m going to be a typical woman , but i probably think that most women like me are sensitive .
we &apos;re building our products , and we respond to the response .
as a result , someone like me has an open brain that is more likely to get more and more and more of the women who are born in the womb .
in short , gender business is really complex , and there are only people between all this gender spectrum , and there &apos;s no other gender .
another example , a couple of years ago , called me 19 years old , a male who was born as a male , and she was a girl who lived as a girl , and she had a short time ago , and he had a short time ago , and he had a short time ago .
but there &apos;s a situation that is very extreme in the very extreme way , and it &apos;s called the glucose .
and i had a lot of work , and the main theme was that they had a lot of work , and that was actually a male hormone environment .
and as a result , the sexual organs were able to communicate , and they had more sexual hormones than they did .
and when you were born , i was like a man -- no one was going to get rid of anything .
and until the age of 19 , but then some medical problems have been living , and the doctors in some medical problems have been living in the middle of this young man .
okay , so i go to another example that you might be on the gender .
part of the people that have a chromosome chromosome , they develop a part of the brain , so we have cervical cortex , and we can relate to cervical tissue .
we don &apos;t know why this is .
in short , gender has very different variations .
and they want these kids to have these kids , whether they &apos;re locked , or gender , or gender -- they &apos;re often not the only ones that are required , but they feel better .
in many cases , these people are very upset .
the reasons for those involved in the operation are to threaten social benefits .
or in general , the system should be able to come up with certain id cards .
there &apos;s a woman who means to have a female identity to have a female identity , and the african anatomy has to be found to be black .
we have a very , very simple idea .
and when we faced with a body , it tells us something much differently , and that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing .
so our culture has a lot of romantic ideas about our culture .
and in fact , our country was built on a very romantic phenomenon in our country .
you can imagine how it starts , you can imagine that your children , who have two people , are born .
i was in the last year , and i joined the south african runner last year when i joined the international consulate in berlin .
so many journalists asked me , &quot; what tests do you have to do to understand what tests are being done ? &quot;
and i had to explain that there was no test to journalists .
now we know that gender is not enough and more complex than the women in their own , or the men and the gender , or gender , or gender , or gender , or gender .
now we &apos;ve come to this point that the science is more complex than we think about when we think about our static anatomy as we should be able to think of ourselves as our static anatomy .
and that &apos;s not just in terms of gender .
and as a race , it &apos;s much more complicated than what we &apos;re doing .
we &apos;re moving to more uncomfortable areas .
for example , 95 percent of the dna is the same with chimpanzees .
is it just a few of us who make us different ?
and when we &apos;re going on in science and science , we &apos;re simply going to a much more disturbing point to accept the fact that the categories that we basically create are just a little bit more uncomfortable .
and we see this in every aspect of human life .
for example , this is another example we see in our culture today , the beginning of life and the end of life .
we have different interpretations about how the body is to be able to become a human whenever of the fetus .
now , it &apos;s like one of the things that somebody died -- probably as obvious as it was -- we discussed very hard issues .
when our ancestors were killed in the past , we were so upset with this question .
they were often putting gold under the nose of the person , if you were not able to wear the feather .
you can &apos;t get rid of it .
but today , we &apos;re dealing with the very difficult question that people can take and give to other people and give them a very difficult challenge , which is not the simple ones that we &apos;ve ever done .
now , many of you might think that these overlapping categories make somebody happy like me .
i &apos;m a political neuroscientist , i argue people who don &apos;t normally have a normal , but i must admit that i &apos;m even worried .
it &apos;s a lot more variable to me than when we think about these categories .
and i think we can &apos;t see me thinking about democracy .
so to tell you all that tension , i &apos;ve got to tell you that i &apos;m a great fan of the american founders first .
i know they &apos;re racist and they &apos;re doing gender , but they don &apos;t .
so it &apos;s very courageous and very bold , and that &apos;s why i &apos;m watching a couple of years in a series of years , not just because of a very simple piece of music .
in 1962 , it &apos;s what america is .
my idea is that the founders of the united states , the original logo , are the reason .
what they &apos;ve rejected is they &apos;ve changed it and changed it with something else , and it keeps us in 200 years .
and as you all remember , the concept of the concept that you &apos;re all going to remember is that it &apos;s a very simple anatomy and a very simple anatomy .
the old world had dna dna , but they had the concept of the birth of birth .
they had the elite concept .
they had the idea that the people who could be in political power could be able to have this power , and they had the idea that they had the political power of the future .
they rejected this idea , and they changed it to another kind of thing , and that concept was equal to all people .
they decided that the game was not going to take place , and the difference was the differences that were important , and that was a very simple movement .
now they did some of this because the enlightenment system that two things grew together was a symbol .
and in the meantime , we &apos;re going to be able to grow up in science , at the same time .
and this is very clear , if you look at the history of the moon , many of them are interested in science , and you &apos;ll see that they &apos;re about the concept of the world .
they &apos;re not going to be able to talk about supernatural statements , and you can &apos;t understand concepts like born supernatural power .
we &apos;re going to be able to move towards a more sophisticated concept .
for example , if you look at the declaration of independence , you &apos;ll see the nature of nature and nature .
we &apos;re not talking about god and god nature .
they &apos;re talking about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
so part of this was about a concept of interactions that they brought to us .
and they did this in a very good way to lead to human rights movements in the future .
they didn &apos;t think that would happen , but they did it for us , and it was remarkable .
so what happened after years ?
for example , what happens to the woman who wants to have the right to vote , the anatomy of the anatomy is much more important than the anatomic differences , and that woman says , &quot; we don &apos;t have the right to have the right to be able to make a full citizenship , and the right to have property ownership .
and women discussed that .
and then we came up with successful human rights movements , and we found people like &quot; aye , &quot; and we found people .
and the men who walk in front of the human rights movement and say , &quot; i am a man . &quot;
again , the colors of the people were more successful than the ones that were in the shape of the microscope .
we &apos;ve seen the same thing in the exercise of disability rights .
the problem here is , when we start to see similarities , we start to question why we do these differences .
now notice , i want you to do your culture in our culture .
for example , i don &apos;t want to give you a human right .
i don &apos;t mean that we &apos;re completely going to give up .
i don &apos;t want to ask five of them to have sex or marriage .
we have certain anatomic manifestations like our bodies , and we need to observe a sense of meaning .
but what &apos;s going on here is what we need to observe , and why we need to observe why we need to observe .
let &apos;s go back to two double twin babies at the beginning of my talk .
they &apos;ve got two thumbs , they &apos;ve done the same day in the middle of 1950 .
one of these is mary , mary , was born three months earlier , so he was born on january 1st 1980 .
on the other hand , henry was born on 1 april 1980 .
mary &apos;s three months ago , because he had three months ago , because he had three months before henry , who had the right to vote for alcohol .
all of this has to wait for henry &apos;s waiting , not because he &apos;s a biologically different age , not because of the biological age .
we also found other options for what their rights were .
henry , because he &apos;s just a man , i didn &apos;t even tell you that he was a genius -- he was responsible for the military service , because he was responsible for being a male .
mary , meanwhile , does not have henry &apos;s strength in all states , for example .
henry , with a woman with a woman in all states , mary today , is just a few in a few states .
as you can see , there &apos;s still a lot of problems , and there &apos;s still a lot of practical anatomy .
and when i ask the question , what do we do when we get to the point that we &apos;re going to be so good at the science that we &apos;re going to do , we &apos;re going to be able to see what democracy is going on on the ground ?
i don &apos;t want to give up science , but i feel like i &apos;m going to be under the science of science .
where are we going to go ?
what happens in our culture looks like a kind of pragmatic attitude : &quot; okay , we have to draw these lines to draw these lines , so we can put these lines somewhere . &quot;
but many are facing strange situations .
for example , at some point , texas has decided that you have to not have y x to marry a man , and you have to have y x to marry a woman .
in practice , they don &apos;t test people .
but it &apos;s very strange because i &apos;m going to tell you a little bit about the lack of the suffering that i &apos;m talking about .
if we look at the founders of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , dr. martin luther king offers a solution .
he tells us that &quot; you can &apos;t make people look even more like the color of the color than the color of the color . &quot;
and i said , &quot; oh , it seems like a really good idea . &quot;
but how do you do that in practice ?
how do you define people depending on their characters ?
i also want to emphasize that i &apos;m not very sure how to distribute the rights of people , because i &apos;m not sure that some of the players i know are more social services than some people .
i even think that some of the yellow elements i know , i know , can make a lot more informed , smart and mature decisions about the sexual exploitation of some of the people i know .
so how are we going to make the character of the character ?
it looks like a very difficult job .
and i &apos;m also wondering that the character of the character is going to make the content of the character in the future , so what ?
how do you really move to this point ?
i &apos;m not sure where you &apos;re going .
what i know is that the idea of thinking about the leadership of the united states is very important .
we &apos;ve done a lot of good work in the fight against democracy , and i think it &apos;s good work .
we don &apos;t have an environment in iran , like , for example , when a male gives another male sex , but if he agrees to marry sex , it is allowed to be a death sentence .
we don &apos;t have such situations .
i &apos;m happy that there are no situations like this -- a few years ago i spoke to a surgeon , and i was able to get married couples to do that .
but when i spoke to him , i asked him why he did a risky surgery , which was why he had to do a very bad surgery in their country .
so , what did you do when i was able to make a political asylum right instead of separation ?
the united states gives people an incredible opportunity , allowing them to live as they are .
so i think we should be in leadership .
before i finished my talk , i &apos;d like to tell you about what i &apos;m talking about .
and i want to ask you to think about what democracy would look like if we were involved in it , or what it looks like .
and i &apos;d like to tell you a little bit about something that &apos;s going to be a little bit of a feminist group , and i believe that the ideas of a group of people who think about it are going to be different .
now i &apos;ve been interested in gender issues for years , and i also focus on gender change .
and another issue i &apos;m particularly interested in is the differences between women and men , and differences between the world &apos;s ideas .
and we know the comparative cultural studies , women , in average -- they &apos;re not all about social relationships , they &apos;re not going to be more careful about social relationships , and a group of people .
if we think about this right now , we have a very interesting situation .
many years ago , when i was a master of master , i was one of my teachers who knew i was -- i &apos;m still a feminist feminist , which is a very strange question to me .
he said to me , &quot; what &apos;s your name ? &quot;
i thought , &quot; this is the stupidest question i &apos;ve heard in my life . &quot;
there &apos;s nothing wrong with the gender that you have , and there &apos;s nothing like that . &quot;
but i started thinking about the question that we could be thinking about something .
well , there &apos;s something else , the average woman &apos;s brain is different from the brain &apos;s brain , which makes us more careful in social relationships .
in fact , if we were very concerned about protecting individuals in the u.s. , if we had more mothers , we would have been able to figure out how to protect more mothers than a concept .
it &apos;s perhaps the place that we need to go on in the future ; we think about the fact that we think more about identity than individuals , and we think more about relationships than individuals .
so when we try to create more perfect contingents , we think about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i was a genius and this was my dream .
but before i show you what &apos;s happening in it , i &apos;m going to admit , i &apos;m going to admit a room on the table .
i like to find out , i like to find , and i &apos;m going to take pictures of different colors and crazy clothes for each situation .
but i don &apos;t buy anything new .
and i take all the time and take the second hand of savings .
oops , thank you .
the second hand allows me to allow me to reduce its impact on the environment and the environment on the environment .
i meet all the wonderful people -- i usually go to a good place -- i look at a very good place -- and i look very different for me .
what do i do today ? i say .
will it be in my body ?
the color of color ?
is it going to be under 20 bucks ?
if all the answers are yes , i feel like i won .
i want to go back to my wife and show you what i &apos;m going to show you for this exciting week .
who brings all this stuff together ?
so i &apos;m going to show you exactly what you &apos;re doing .
i brought seven pair ornaments to that .
i put it in a week of internal laundry , which is all that .
and i started to realize that everything i could find when i came to the palm springs .
and before you don &apos;t know me , i &apos;m going to have a conversation around ted around ted , which means that i found a couple of things .
and now i want to show you a week to show you a week .
does it sound nice ?
and when i do that , i &apos;m going to tell you a couple of life classes , or don &apos;t believe , none of that is new .
let &apos;s start with sunday .
i call it a bright tiger .
you don &apos;t have to spend a lot of money to look great .
it &apos;s almost 50 dollars , almost 50 dollars .
and it was the best that i was wearing , including the coat , the cost of 55 dollars and all the week .
pm : color must be strong .
the bad red pants are almost impossible to be in a bad mood .
if you &apos;re lucky , you &apos;re going to take your other happy birthday to yourself .
tuesday : harmony is exaggerated .
i spent a lot of my life working myself and working in the same time .
it &apos;s not just that .
if you &apos;re not talking to the right people , they &apos;re going to be able to understand that , if they &apos;re going to do it .
on wednesday : the child you have .
sometimes people tell me that you &apos;re playing a lot of games , or they &apos;re going to be able to tell them their life .
i love laughing and i say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
pm : the most important thing is to trust itself .
if you think you &apos;re good about something , you certainly don &apos;t .
and if you think you &apos;re not good about something , you probably don &apos;t know .
this day , i grew up with a mother who said this day , and i grew up .
but i understood what this meant , but when i was 30 years old .
and now we &apos;re just going to do this one second .
if you believe you &apos;re a beautiful person inside and outside , there &apos;s no one to get your eye .
so there &apos;s no objection to this audience .
we &apos;re going to be able to see that when we &apos;re going to stop it .
thank you .
friday : universal reality -- five words for you : the golden gold of the gold .
and finally , saturday : it is a great way to develop your own personal personal style to say something about the word of all the world .
i &apos;ve proven it again this week because of the people who come to me , and i &apos;ve been able to prove that there are very beautiful conversations .
it &apos;s obviously not going to be my little sister .
before i went home to brooklyn , i couldn &apos;t forget anything .
because this week , i &apos;m going to allow myself to go to my own learning class .
you don &apos;t need to be emotional , because every time , every corner , i &apos;m waiting for one crazy , colorful , colorful outfits , and i &apos;m waiting for me to put some love in my heart .
thank you very much .
thank you .
everybody , good evening .
there &apos;s something i want to show you .
think of this as an airplane that flies .
we call it intelligent design .
i &apos;m going to talk a little bit about this .
now , let &apos;s take this picture -- i &apos;m a genius , and every single male boy in italy , and every single man in italy grows up with this picture , and the goal of showing this is something interesting in the past decade .
one time ago , the formula was going to take a ride to win the race , and it was a good reward for the car , and i was going to the car .
and if the car and the driver are good enough , they can finish the race .
today , you need to win the race , you need something like this -- the real time is that it &apos;s a couple of thousands of sensors that are collecting information from the car to the system , and it &apos;s a system that allows us to process the actual changes , and the actual changes that allow us to go back to the car .
engineering engineering is called real-time control system .
basically a system consists of two components -- a perception component and a operating component .
what &apos;s interesting today is that real-time control systems are involved in our lives .
our cities are networks of networks , electronic equipment .
open air computers .
and , like the computers that have been in the open air , they react differently , and they react differently .
it &apos;s a very important situation if we don &apos;t understand our cities .
i want to talk about it as a side point , where our cities only account for two percent of the skin of the coral , but the world is about two percent .
they make energy consumption per cent ; they &apos;re responsible for the co2 percent of co2 .
if i can &apos;t talk about my behavior , it will be important .
beyond the cities , all this perception and operating components also affect everyday objects .
this is a premiere of paola antonelli in moma during the summer .
&quot; talk me with me . &quot;
he started talking to us , our environment , our environment .
in a sense , all atoms in the outer world are both a sensor and a operating component .
and this is a radical , radical way that &apos;s happening with the people in the outside .
in a sense , like michelangelo &apos;s dream .
you know , when moses was doing the statue , he was told , you know , he &apos;s going to take his head and put it in , and he &apos;s actually going to take a little dorsal , and he said , &quot; why are you going to get rid of your vagina ? why ? &quot;
for the first time , our environment began to talk with us .
and i &apos;ll show you a few examples of the idea of perception and installation .
let &apos;s start with perception .
the first project i &apos;d like to share with you is actually one of the first projects in my studio .
he was in italy four and a half years ago .
and what we &apos;re doing is actually distributed to the whole world -- the mobile phone network -- used to use a new network that &apos;s been formed in time , and using the anonymous and scattered information that &apos;s collected by the operator in the network .
it was a very lucky story -- 2006 .
italy won the world cup .
some of you would remember , italy was playing with france , and eventually he had a player who was going to get married .
anyway , eventually , italy won .
now , i just want to see the movement on the network , and i want to draw attention to those things that day .
here you see the city .
you see in the middle of the thames , and it looks like a river river .
the morning before .
you see the line on the top .
in the afternoon , people in various places are searching and moving .
the game starts -- silence .
france takes the goal . it takes a goal .
the first half goes , people are looking for somebody &apos;s needs .
the second half is the normal time of the game .
the first half of the time is the second half .
it &apos;s a moment of shooting .
italy wins . yes !
that night everybody went to the city center to celebrate .
you saw the big altitude ridge .
the next day , he was gathered in downtown to meet his team and his prime minister .
and then everybody landed on the bottom side of the map .
here you see this place called &quot; massimo massimo , &quot; which has been gathering here since the roman times -- there was a big party , you see a big party , you see the hill at the end of the day .
just one example of the examples we could use to perceive this city , we couldn &apos;t do it a few years ago .
let &apos;s give you an example of an example of perception : it &apos;s not about people , but it &apos;s about what we use and what we consume .
we know where it comes from today .
this map shows where it &apos;s all about a mac server , where they come from .
but we know little about where these artifacts go .
so we &apos;ve developed small labels that have been involved in the system in this project .
about a year ago , we started with a couple of volunteers in seattle , where they were going to be able to save their belongings , and you can see some of the things they &apos;re doing -- you can see these things already .
then we followed a small chip , a small tag , put it on top of the trash .
these are the results we get .
seattle seattle seattle
a week later .
we found that the system is very inefficient .
we can actually do the same thing with less energy .
these data didn &apos;t exist before .
however , there are a lot of accidents and mixed events .
but we believe that we &apos;re still in the world , if we &apos;re still taking away every day .
and if we realized that that cup was permanent .
we can give people a change in their behavior .
that &apos;s the goal of the project .
my colleague at mit , my colleague , can give a lot more information about perception , and it can tell the incredible things that can be done with perception , but i want to go to the second half of what we &apos;re talking about , which is the second half of our environment .
the first project was a few years ago in spain , where we were in spain .
and the mayor of the city started to come to us with a question , and there &apos;s a beautiful tradition about how spain and south europe can use water to use architecture in public places .
the question was : how do technology , new technology , figure out how to do this ?
one of the ideas that was developed at mit in the study of mit was that it was about a pipeline that had been closed off , and it was about a pipe that was a pipe .
you create a wall that &apos;s comprised of the water .
if you fall down , you can create the text , you can make shapes , images , text text .
and when you &apos;re close , it can be opened to you , as you can see in this picture .
we presented this to the mayor of the city .
she loved it .
and he was commissioned to design a building in the entrance of the capsule .
we call the building the digital water .
all the building consists of water .
it doesn &apos;t have the gate or window , but it &apos;s going to be open to the inside .
the roof will be covered with water .
and if there &apos;s a little wind , you can put a little bit of the roof by cutting it off .
or you can tear the building , and it &apos;s all the architecture that &apos;s in this case .
they tell us that this winter , when we go to the roof of the roof , and visit the building , people who visit the building are saying , &quot; they &apos;ve demolished the building . &quot;
no , if you don &apos;t like the building , you can &apos;t cut the building alone , you can &apos;t have architecture .
here you can see how the building works .
here you see the person who &apos;s trying to learn what happens inside the building .
and i &apos;m trying to try and run the water out of the air .
i &apos;m going to tell you what happens when the sensors fly .
it was even more fun that night .
all the young people in valencia came to building because the building had changed .
the building was no longer available for you to enter , but it still had to be able to sink into holes and holes , and it was necessary to get out of the inside .
so that &apos;s really interesting for us , because architects , engineers and designers are always thinking about how to use what we design as engineers .
but what &apos;s going to happen actually is that what &apos;s going to happen is hard .
and that &apos;s the way we &apos;re going to do things that are used on people &apos;s side and interact with them .
this is a projection of the building , which is a physical visualization , which is made up of the size of the water .
and that allowed you to think about the project that i &apos;m going to show you now .
imagine if you &apos;re going to be able to do this .
imagine you have little helicopters that can move in the air , and think of the lights in each of them -- a cloud that can move in space .
here &apos;s the video .
it &apos;s a helicopter that &apos;s acting in sync with similar examples , as we &apos;ve seen before .
you can get this cloud .
it could be kind of flexible , like this -- it &apos;s a two-dimensional sequence .
or it &apos;s a regular , but three-dimensional , it &apos;s not what changed here , it &apos;s not the position of our brain .
you can play a different kind of way .
suddenly , think about different scales , or scales , in different dimensions .
but all of this is a 3d cloud cloud that you can see from inside , and many in many ways .
so we &apos;re going to go down to create the pattern that you &apos;ve seen before that you &apos;ve seen a lot more of this time .
you can see the fact that you see the light , so it &apos;s the same as the same .
and imagine that each of them is being administered by people .
it can be controlled by the movement of people , or the actions of people .
i &apos;m going to show you the first time i &apos;m going to show you something .
and with one of the leading ballet dancers in today , we &apos;ve managed to take the movement in the metropolitan and milan scala in new york , in new york -- and we captured their movements in the new york city and milan .
you can see roberto dancing here .
you see the pixels captured on the left .
the actual real-time scan was also used to capture and capture .
so the whole movement is from the beginning .
it &apos;s been resurrected .
it &apos;s possible to play with them and with colors and motion and motion and play and play .
we want to use it as a possible way to use it .
i &apos;d like to show you the latest project on the project .
we &apos;re working on the olympics in london .
it &apos;s called cloud .
so here &apos;s the idea , when you &apos;re doing things , when you &apos;re doing things , you &apos;re going to see our environment , but it &apos;s like building the cloud , but there &apos;s the cloud .
imagine that everybody contributes to a nightmare .
and what &apos;s been interesting in recent years is that , in the past decade , we have crossed virtual world from the physical world .
we took all our knowledge , and we made it accessible through the internet .
for the first time today -- and this is the first time that obama showed us the campaign campaign -- from the digital world to the power of networks from the power of networks .
in our case , we want to use it to design a symbol of the expo and make it .
this means construction in a city .
but tomorrow , we &apos;re thinking about climate change or co2 emissions in order to get us to the world that we &apos;re waiting for today -- how we can change from the digital world to the physical world .
there was an idea for people to do that in a public way .
what a real cloud is , this cloud of cloud , which is the cloud of the cloud .
and those particles are a blend of water that &apos;s made of our skin .
it was a physical visualization of the pixels in london .
they can walk around and experience different kinds of experience .
you can share the most important moments of the events in the olympics and after the top of the olympics , and you can share a serious tool to connect with the community .
it &apos;s going to be in the sky , and it &apos;s possible to get up to the sky , and it &apos;s possible to go up to the new mountains of london .
i &apos;m going to go to the inside .
and it will be a new kind of city icon , but most importantly , it &apos;s going to be a new experience for everybody who &apos;s going up up there .
thank you .
it &apos;s very important for me as a artist .
i try to tell you that people are not separate from nature , and that everything is connected .
i first saw the first time i went to antarctica 10 years ago .
i was a fan .
when i was trying to figure out what was happening in my face , my heart moved fast , my heart was coming .
it was about 60 feet above the ice on me , and it was about 60 feet , and i didn &apos;t think that i was able to figure out how to make a profit on one of these .
they &apos;re made up of mountains or ice shelves or ice shelves .
every iceberg has its own personality .
they have a different form of communication and a different way of communication .
some of them red , and when they end up in the bitter end , some of them are now frustrated with a crisis of passion .
it &apos;s easy to think that they &apos;re isolated , they &apos;re isolated , they &apos;re separate and lonely , as we &apos;re looking at ourselves like this .
but it &apos;s very important .
i &apos;m a iceberg of a iceberg , and i &apos;m pulling it into my ancient atmosphere .
and the iceberg is going to give you the rich water that feeds a lot of lives that feed a lot of lives .
and when i take the picture of these glaciers , it &apos;s like the old family of the old family , and i &apos;m going to pull them up again , and then again , again , again , again , again , again , again , again .
it &apos;s not a death , but it &apos;s not a death , but it &apos;s a continuation of life .
so some of the mountains i &apos;ve taken a picture are a lot of young people -- 20 years old .
and some of them are more than 100,000 years old .
i &apos;m going to show you the last couple of pictures i &apos;m going to show you , a glacier that i photographed in greenland .
it &apos;s a very rare prospect to witness the fall of a iceberg .
and here it is .
you can see this little boat on the right .
this is about a five-meter boat .
and i want to take your attention into the water into the water .
as you can see , boat has gone against the boat , and the guy is there .
this is the average size of a greenland iceberg .
the water is about 120 feet , or 40 feet above it .
and this video is also shot .
and so , in this case , a iceberg shows you another side .
thank you .
i had a few wonderful projects in my life .
but that &apos;s the most amazing thing i do .
this is the name of this guy .
in the &apos; 80s , it was the first , in the beginning of the 1930s .
and one day he came home , and he said , &quot; daddy , i &apos;m going to get your son . &quot;
and that was the beginning of als .
now it &apos;s completely paralyzed .
it just can move his eyes .
he didn &apos;t believe him .
i have a company that makes design and animation , so obviously , the graffiti is absolutely popular in the art of art and something we respect .
and so we decided that we would be sponsoring tony , and for his purpose .
then i went to meet his father and his brother , and he said , &quot; we &apos;ll give you this money .
what do you do with money ? &quot;
and his brother said , &quot; i want you to meet tony .
i just want to communicate with him and i want him to communicate with me . &quot;
and i said , &quot; well , i &apos;ve seen stephen hawking , all the paralyzed people are able to communicate with these devices ? &quot;
and , his brother says , &quot; no , if you &apos;re not in the top level , you can &apos;t actually do it .
these devices are not the equipment that people can access . &quot;
and i said , &quot; well , how do you communicate ? &quot;
did everyone see the movie &quot; butterfly and diver &quot; ?
so that &apos;s how they &apos;re building their fingers , and they &apos;re hanging their fingers .
i said , &quot; this is very old . how can this be ? &quot;
i just came to write just one check to them , and i wrote a check that i didn &apos;t know how to do it instead .
i promised her father and his brother , and i promised him , &quot; oh , here &apos;s an agreement : we &apos;re going to talk about tony , we &apos;re going to get a machine , and we &apos;re going to find a way to perform the art again .
because it has nothing to do with the art , but it is unfair to convey it . &quot;
so a couple of months later i spoke to a conference .
i met the people called the graffiti research expedition , and they have a laser scan , and then they have the technology to make the light , and they have the technology that allows us to do it .
so they go somewhere and they make art images like this .
everything goes up here , they said a life cycle .
it starts with the first sexual organs , and then it starts with words , and then bush &apos;s blessing , and people actually have art .
but they always had a cycle of life .
so i went home , and i was eating food with my wife , and i was talking about this , and i was telling you , &quot; well , if we know that a second of a second , there &apos;s a way to control the technology , &quot; and it would be that cool , and it would be that beautiful .
so the journey started .
and about two years later , about a year later , we did a couple of things , and we had a couple of things , and we had a lot of things around us .
we broke the doors of the insurance companies , and we took one of the stephen hawking machine , which would actually allow us to communicate .
that was fantastic .
and that person is one of the most important -- i call it the -- i call it the guy , because you talk to him , you get a electronic mailbox , and you say , &quot; i &apos;m not valuable . this guy is very surprising . &quot;
and what we did was we brought all over the world from all over the world to our homes -- seven of our own homes .
my wife and my children and my children were moved to the back , and they were the makers and the programmers and the programmers and the theories of the conspiracy .
so because we did this , our friends thought we were certainly stupid , and we were going to go back to the wall a day , and we would have all the paintings on the wall .
but as soon as two weeks , we went to sokoto , and we went to sokoto , including my children , including my dog , and we created this .
you can see it , and you can see the explanation .
so this is a cheap pair of gloves , we bought it in the beach beach , a little copper cable and a little bit of a little bit of a piece of a radio shack .
we took a camera camera , and it was integrated with a flashlight , and it &apos;s integrated with a flashlight , and now there &apos;s a device , free free , free , free , free .
and we certainly did a device without any constraints .
no insurance company .
there &apos;s no room for that .
now , who is the only ones that are paralyzed , and they have only the opportunity to draw their eyes out .
thank you .
thank you very much . that &apos;s fantastic .
at the end of the two weeks , we went to sokoto &apos;s room .
i love this picture , because this is somebody &apos;s room and this .
and then it was a platform to extract the product .
and over the course of a year , planning for planning , five weeks programming , the cholesterol festival and all night , tony , the first time , went back to the next year .
and this is an amazing picture , because this is her life support system , and it &apos;s looking at life support .
we put the bed out , and you can see it .
and we built the parked wall outside the wall , outside the courtyard .
and for the first time , you can just imagine that your family and friends are in front of his family , and you can imagine what felt in parking .
and the funny thing is , we were forced to go into parking , so we felt completely legal .
at the end of this , he sent a email to us , and this is what they wrote : &quot; it was the first time that we were in this seven years .
it was like i was under water , and finally someone got me to me , and then someone pulled me down , so he was breathing . &quot;
isn &apos;t that amazing ?
this is something that we win .
that &apos;s what makes us go ahead and make it .
and there &apos;s a very long way to go with this .
this is a very surprising device , but it &apos;s like a wooden wooden wood .
one of the artistic potential is more rights .
so we &apos;re under the process of trying to figure out how to do it better , faster , powerful .
since then , we have all kinds of information .
we won many awards .
remember -- this is free -- none of us have paid money over this .
every cost is coming up .
the awards are the &quot; oh , that &apos;s fantastic . &quot;
armstrong , and then in december , and then in december , the time magazine showed us in the best 50 cents of the year , and it &apos;s really good .
it &apos;s the most beautiful thing about this -- and this is what &apos;s called the &quot; art of streets &quot; in the city of los angeles in april , and this is called &quot; art of streets , &quot; which is in the city of los angeles .
and &quot; the art of the streets &quot; exhibition exhibition -- the good artists of art art -- they will be able to draw the streets ; they &apos;re all over there ; they &apos;re all there .
and it &apos;s going to be a lot of fun , that &apos;s great .
actually , i want to tell you : if you see something impossible , do it .
everything in this room was impossible -- this is the scene , this computer , this computer , it was impossible at some point .
it &apos;s -- it &apos;s all in the room -- everybody in this room .
i &apos;m not a programmer , i &apos;ve never done anything about viewing technology , but i just noticed something and i combined myself with some interesting people .
and when you have something to do every day , you can answer this question , if not if it &apos;s not , and if i &apos;m not , who ?
thank you everybody .
you know , i write for kids , and probably the most popular child books in america are going to read .
and i always say i don &apos;t want to look like a scientist .
i can come to farmers , and i can come in and say , &quot; well , i &apos;m going to come up with a farmer , and no one has ever chosen it . &quot;
i &apos;m going to talk to you today about the secrets of circles and some things .
you know , we &apos;re going to leave the secret of something .
a block is an official circle , when we go forward .
he made a friend named richard dawkins .
i &apos;m going to talk to you today about a complex circle .
i was in a high school in the &apos; 60s , in a high school in ohio .
every week , the boys who were beaten in the men &apos;s toilet were beaten by a teacher until i was a teacher .
he saved my life by allowing teachers to use the toilet in the room .
this is for three years .
he did it .
and i had to leave that city .
there was a dream , i had 85 years old , and i went to san francisco , california -- i found myself a love in the &apos; 80s , and i heard about the need to work in an organization on aids .
two or three years ago , i got a phone from that teacher in a half of the night , and i got a call from the teacher . &quot;
i &apos;m delighted to be able to make each other as adults .
please come to ohio , and please bring that woman that i know has found so far .
and i should say , &quot; i &apos;m going to tell you that pancreatic injury and please hold your hand quickly . &quot;
the next day we were in cleveland .
we looked at him , and we looked at her , and we saw that he needed to stay in a membrane .
we found one , we took it there , and we looked at it , and we were interested in the family , because it was necessary .
it was something that we knew how to do .
and the woman who wanted to know me as a adult was finally turned into tears and turned into my hands and was put in my hands .
and what happens is that the circle is broken , and it turns out that i &apos;ve been talking about it , and that &apos;s what i &apos;ve talked about before .
the secret is that death is part of life .
it &apos;s my life , and i &apos;m a partner of my partner .
and you know , the part of life needs the other part of it .
and it wants beauty and beauty and i &apos;m very happy that i &apos;m talking about it here .
in addition , dignity , love and happiness , and it &apos;s our job to give others our job .
thank you .
the idea behind computer computer software is actually quite simple .
we don &apos;t want iran to get a bomb .
the main vehicle of their nuclear weapons plant is the production of uranium enrichment .
these are gray boxes that you see , real-time control systems .
if we can make these systems that control the pace of work and control , we have a lot of problems .
gray boxes don &apos;t use windows software ; they &apos;re completely different technology .
but if we try to do a good windows virus in the computer that &apos;s using this gray box , then we &apos;re able to do business , it means business .
this is the scenario behind that .
so we start with a system that will reduce windows .
the main load goes to the gray box , damaging the liver , and the iraqi nuclear program has been delayed ; it &apos;s been done .
that &apos;s easy , right ?
i want to tell you how to do this .
when we started researching on the web six months ago , it was completely unclear what the purpose of this thing was .
the only thing that is known is that windows is a very complicated part of the windows , and multiple zero days were used .
and these gray boxes , they want to be able to do something with these real real-time systems .
it took us our attention , and we started a lab project , we &apos;ve covered our environment with it , and we &apos;ve tried this thing .
and then there were very funny things .
he acted like a mouse experiment , and he didn &apos;t like it ; he didn &apos;t want to eat , but he didn &apos;t want food .
it didn &apos;t make me meaningful .
and after the experiments that we do in different contexts , i realized that this is directly a direct attack .
it &apos;s completely wired .
it doesn &apos;t make a lot of gray box , even if it &apos;s the main program that tries to spread the virus into the virus , and it doesn &apos;t really do something like that .
it took me a lot of attention , and we started working on it full-time , because i thought , what do we do ?
let &apos;s say that the power plant in the united states could be a chemical facility or a chemical facility in germany .
first of all , we need to find it .
we put out the code code , and we &apos;ve discovered , and we &apos;ve discovered that two digital bombs are built on two digital bombs .
and we &apos;ve also seen that they &apos;ve worked with all kinds of engineers from the inside .
they knew the outside of what was going on .
they probably knew the trick , and they knew the trick .
so they knew everything .
and if you think that the computer is mixed and high tech product , let me tell you that it &apos;s very complicated .
it was more difficult than anything we saw before .
you see an example of the code code .
we &apos;re talking about a source of 15,000 terabytes .
it looks like it &apos;s very old .
and i want to tell you how to make a sense of how this is .
first of all , we &apos;re looking at the system , because we know what it works .
and then we &apos;re looking at the data and the data structures and we &apos;re looking at them with real world -- potential goals .
so we need a target target , or the target target .
in order to get the theories of our work , remember , this has to be a very heavy , very high target , and probably in iran , it &apos;s a very high level of target , because it &apos;s the place where it &apos;s most important .
there are a few thousand targets in that region .
we were simply staying between the nuclear power plant and the fuel enrichment facility .
he said , &quot; i &apos;m going to bring a list of all the engineers and the power plant experts to me . &quot;
and i gave them a phone , and i persuaded them to convince them that they had their expertise and data .
and it worked pretty well .
the small digital nuclear title is the control of the wheel .
the wheel is black , which is the movement inside it .
and if you could do this at the speed of this , you could be able to run the wheel and end up at the end .
another thing we see is that the attack was in the slow and bizarre way -- the purpose of operating care was that the purpose was to make it easy .
the big digital war title -- we had a chance to look closely at data and data structures .
and as a model , the number -- that &apos;s the code -- it &apos;s a revision .
i started looking at the scientific literature , which is how it actually works , and how it is defined as a bottom-up , and it has every level of time .
and it was meaningful , it was a liar .
and then it went better .
in iran , there are 15 sections called the &quot; 15 section &quot; .
and guess what ? what did we find ?
it &apos;s almost synonymous .
so again , it was a good samaritan .
and that raises a high confidence about what we &apos;re interested in .
now , it &apos;s not going to be wrong , it didn &apos;t go .
these results were achieved after several years of hard work .
and we had to start the deadlock again .
anyway , we realized that both digital wars were focused on the single and the same goal , but from different perspectives .
the little war title was taking a membrane , and it turned them back , and he turned them back into the top of the big war , the big war title .
so , what we found is what we found out of the target .
it was the target target , and it was just the same .
so we didn &apos;t need to worry about any other goals that could be shot by the hackers .
there are some things that really affect me .
this is the gray box , and we have it on it .
now , the introduction of the input that comes from this thing is -- for example , pressure pressure and vibrating -- and the current code -- and the code -- is still working with a false input data during the attack .
and as a result , this false input data was recorded earlier by the previous .
so , just like hollywood movies , the camera camera has been closed before the recording camera .
isn &apos;t that cool ?
the idea here is not just to fool operators at the open room .
it &apos;s actually more dangerous and aggressive .
the idea is to intervene the digital security system and prevent it .
we need digital security systems in the places that are not fast enough to get the mobile operators properly .
for example , in a power plant , when steam pumps are slowing down , they can &apos;t be able to escape in their release .
in fact , it cannot be done by human beings .
so we need digital security systems .
and when they were ignored , they could be very bad .
it can become a magnet .
and the security system , or the security system , is going to do this .
that &apos;s frightening .
but it &apos;s getting worse .
and this is very important .
think about it . this is the attack .
it &apos;s not specifically related to what you &apos;re talking about , or uranium .
so it can work very well in a power plant , or in a car factory .
this is a general thing .
and as an attacker , you don &apos;t have to give this job to the usb memory , as we &apos;ve seen in the mri .
you can also use traditional worms for spreading .
it &apos;s as much as the hair .
and if you do that , you eventually get a weapon of mass destruction .
this is a result that we have to face .
so unfortunately , it &apos;s the most intense place of such attacks , not the middle east .
the united states , europe and japan .
all these green areas are rich environments .
we have to start with results , and we need to start preparing .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , in many places , thinks that this is the main responsibility of the people .
are you thinking that ?
ralph waldo : okay , do you really want to hear this ?
yeah . ok .
i think that &apos;s what &apos;s going on in my head , but his head is israel .
the real power behind this is the cybercriminals .
there &apos;s only one , and this united states -- thank you very much .
because other things would be even bigger .
so we &apos;re not going to be able to make us feel like ralph .
i spent a couple of years in the last few years , and i spent a lot of time thinking about dangerous situations .
i went to jail -- a difficult situation .
i worked in a coal mine -- a dangerous situation .
i &apos;ve been filming in the fields of war -- both difficult and dangerous .
and i spent 30 days just eating this , and i was in the beginning , and it was a little hard , and it became a very dangerous thing , and it became very dangerous .
in fact , my only goal was to look at the things that seemed to be the only purpose of my entire career , and to look at the social problems , and try and make them available for the audience , and to make them accessible and entertaining for them .
i knew that i was going to talk about a little bit earlier when i learned to make a speech to study the world of branding and branding .
i put a billboard on ebay just a few weeks ago when he heard about it or heard it .
i emailed a couple of facebook , and i emailed the twitter message , and i gave people the opportunity to buy the right to get the right to do the right .
well , you &apos;ve heard the right thing , or a company , or a company , or a non-profit institution , or a non-profit institution , which is going to be able to be able to come up with the right name of the talk , which is , i &apos;m sure , that the talk of the conversation is that it &apos;s not going to let me talk about the rights of the talk , and that &apos;s what &apos;s going on .
as a result , i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to talk to you about this : i don &apos;t have a conversation about the subject , &quot; and depending on content , you can drop you to a very difficult situation , especially because you &apos;re sponsoring you .
but at the same time , this is a very good media opportunity ! &quot;
how many people are watching these ted tedtalks ?
it &apos;s too much .
by the way , this is the draft version of the title .
and despite these warnings , i knew someone would get the name rights .
if you were asked to ask me a year ago , i would not tell you that .
but in the new project i &apos;m working now , i &apos;m going to be the new film , and we study the marketing world , advertising .
and as i said earlier , i &apos;ve taken myself a little bit of terrible situations over the years , but nothing , but nothing , but it &apos;s so hard to negotiate with these guys .
as you know , i had an idea to make a film .
what i &apos;d like to do is to make a film that &apos;s all about product generation , marketing and advertising , and it &apos;s a film that &apos;s completely product , marketing and advertising .
and the film &apos;s called &quot; the most amazing film &quot; .
this is the &quot; most amazing film &quot; that all of the things are going to be done by the beginning , from the beginning to the end of the end of the brand , and the name of the name that you see in the movie is x brand .
now , this is a brand of brand , or it can be , or it can be , you know , it can be .
these people will be married to the film -- forever forever .
and so that &apos;s the idea that the film will cover all the way -- ( michael hansmeyer : this is unnecessary . what is it ?
i &apos;m an unnecessary person .
i said that to emphasize more .
it was , &quot; it &apos;s always . &quot;
but as sponsors of the x brand , you can also use all the categories in the movie , which are not in the movie .
i mean , maybe you &apos;re going to run a shoe and you &apos;re going to be the most amazing shoe you &apos;re wearing .
or what you can see is the most amazing car that you can see , the most amazing car that you can see , with the contribution of &quot; the most magnificent movie sold &quot; by &quot; sold . &quot;
so your idea is to make sure that brands are part of the lives of people , and are they going to fund their movie ?
and actually , this is how all these things do .
the goal of this film is transparency .
you &apos;re going to see all the processes in this movie happen .
so this is the whole idea of the whole film .
and i &apos;ll be very happy to help you do that .
you know , this is actually weird , because when i first heard it , it &apos;s actually the most superior demonstration of honor for a viewer .
i don &apos;t know how much the people are going to be .
can you have this point of view ? i don &apos;t want to use the word &quot; angle , &quot; because you have a negative impact , but do you know how it &apos;s going to turn ?
how much money is needed to do this ?
1.5 million dollars
i think i &apos;m going to meet them at the meeting with them , but i still think that a few big , famous brand is worth riding .
who knows , maybe when your film is going on , we &apos;re going to look silly .
how do you think the responses to this will be ?
the answers will be great .
but do you think this sales , because of the movie , is it a difficult sale ?
jk : both of them .
that &apos;s not a positive thing .
so , sir , can you help me ? i need help .
i can help you .
okay .
fantastic .
we need to determine which brands will be .
yeah .
when you look at people you &apos;re talking about .
there are some places that we can go .
close the camera .
and i thought , &quot; close the camera , &quot; i thought , &quot; close the camera . &quot;
in fact , it was really , &quot; we don &apos;t want to be associated with anything like anything . &quot;
and as it was here , each other , all these companies suddenly disappeared .
none of them wanted to do anything about this film .
i was surprised .
they didn &apos;t want to do anything about this project .
i was in awe , because the idea was , the idea was to put the product in front of the most people that were possible , to make it possible .
in particular , in the modern-day world , the new media is not the main idea in the new media world , but is it not that the new distribution tool , which is the main idea in the world of the media , is not to be able to listen to the communities ?
no , that &apos;s just my fault .
but the problem was , as you can see , there was a fatal error of my mind , and it was error .
no , it wasn &apos;t that mistake or whatever .
there would be no problem .
it wouldn &apos;t be the problem .
but the problem was that this image was represented .
so , if you search for transparency in google , this is one of the first things that you have .
yes , i like it to make it work , sergey brin ! no .
the problem is : transparency is transparent ; the lies of the lies , and the reason is that it can easily be made -- c : it can easily be easily defined , and that &apos;s the one that is defined by the best problem , and perhaps the biggest problem is that it &apos;s the biggest problem .
you know , we &apos;ve heard a lot about transparency recently .
he says he &apos;s telling him , he says he &apos;s telling him , even he &apos;s telling him .
but when it comes to turning it into reality , something is suddenly changing .
but why ? in fact , transparency is like this strange bear bear bear .
it &apos;s unpredictable ; it &apos;s like a strange path .
and it &apos;s also very risky .
what is risky ?
eat a big bowl of glass .
that &apos;s very risky .
when i start talking with companies , and when we say we want to tell them this story , and they say , &quot; no , we want you to make a story .
so we want you to make a story , but we just want us to tell our story . &quot;
so , when i was a kid , my father was telling me some kind of deception -- this was what i was saying , and this was what i usually put on -- he said , &quot; my son , there are three species of each story .
the story that you tell me is the story i tell , and it &apos;s real story . &quot;
so we wanted to tell the real story of this film .
but i realized that only one company , who wanted to help me , was a company -- and i knew that this was john bond and richard richard for years -- and i had to move to the private companies , and i had to go directly to companies with all the team .
so , when we suddenly started to understand -- or i started to understand -- when i started to understand this , i saw that every company had a problem when we started the business .
i have a big , huge hollywood movies , and i have a little bit of independent films that make a small amount of money .
and the big , big hollywood movies are saying their brand partners that are very successful as their movies .
and i also say , &quot; well , how do we compete with this big , big hollywood movies ? &quot;
and the film &apos;s name will be the &quot; most magnificent movie &quot; .
so how do we see ban in the movie exactly ?
when i &apos;m going to get out of home , i &apos;ll go to the bathroom , and you &apos;ll see when the bathroom is .
when i met someone , i would say , &quot; are you going to have enough live for this meeting ?
are you ready ? i &apos;m a little nervous .
i want to help you .
maybe you should use it a little bit before the meeting . &quot;
and that &apos;s one of the great masterpieces that we &apos;ve got .
&quot; the hippo fusion &quot; may be or &quot; paradise fairy &quot; , all of which will catch the opportunity to catch .
and you can &apos;t use the suggestions for male and female ; it &apos;s twice as rigid , or a stick , or whatever you can do .
so we &apos;re coming to the end of two cents .
now , if you have any questions , you can get the five cents and get five cents .
we &apos;re a little bit smaller .
in little movies that you &apos;ve just talked about , we &apos;re competing in big movies .
so we don &apos;t have the budgets that other brands have .
and doing something like this -- as you can understand , to remind people to ban -- what we &apos;re interested in .
what words do you use to describe ban ?
ban ...
this is a wonderful question .
the woman : the woman .
you don &apos;t want to define something that people have put on the couch .
we are courageous and live .
i think it &apos;s a very good word that makes it a &quot; live &quot; category , which is a very good word in the positive direction .
it keeps you alive .
how long it keeps you alive -- better life , more life , more life , three times more live .
things like this give a message to the more positive benefit .
and this is a company that we &apos;re talking about .
what about me ? how did anyone do it ?
i can go to the street and meet people , like me , ordinary people .
i &apos;m going to tell you something about brand .
how do you make your brand ?
boy , is it your own ?
i don &apos;t know .
i really love clothes .
in the &apos; 80s , the combination of hip punk , if it &apos;s not , if it &apos;s not a laundry day ...
so hannah , what &apos;s the brand ?
it &apos;s unique .
i think my style is the magic of my soul .
i love many black color colors , many analysts and things like that .
but usually , you have the sunglasses or the crystals , or the crystals , and i love them .
if it was a brand , it would have been a classic mercedes winery that was open .
&quot; the brand i am , i am comfortable with my own .
a little bit of a hippie , a little bit of a hippie , a little bit of a brooklyn woman -- i don &apos;t know .
ao : i &apos;m a pets .
i sell all the country and the world with pets .
so i think that &apos;s my journey .
this is my little sprawl , this is my journey .
ao : my name is fedex because i salute good things .
and the next guy is a brand .
is this brand ?
lawyer : i &apos;m a lawyer .
i am tom .
all right , we &apos;re not all tom brand , but i don &apos;t think i &apos;m a lot of glamour , and i don &apos;t think i &apos;m going to be comfortable .
and so i realized i needed a specialist .
i needed someone in my head , and i needed someone to help me understand what was called &quot; brand personality . &quot;
and so i found a company called olson diagrams in hyderabad .
this company , nestle , has helped companies like manufacturers to help their brand share their own brand .
if they didn &apos;t work for them , they could certainly do it for me .
you put it on the ground , right ?
yeah . my first picture is a picture of my family .
so what you &apos;re talking about is how it &apos;s connected to your thoughts and your thoughts .
they &apos;re people who are shaped by the world .
tell me a little bit about this world .
from this world ? i think the world you live in is the world you live in , and you are people , your friends , your family , your family , your life .
all of these things merged somewhere , and it started , and i was united in the west virginia , and it started with my family .
what &apos;s the next thing you want to talk about ?
the next thing : this was the most beautiful day i was in my life .
how do you think about who you are and your feelings ?
that &apos;s what i want to be .
i love things that are different .
i love things weird . i love weird things .
i said , &quot; why don &apos;t you talk about it ? what do you do ?
what is your hair ? what do you care about ?
why is it important to restart the computer again ? what does it represent ?
tell me a few things about this part .
can you give a little information about the person you &apos;re not ?
what else is your life ?
it &apos;s not imperative that fear is imperative . what is the kind of speed that we have now ?
phwap ! no , i thank you .
thank you for your sake .
yeah .
well , i don &apos;t know what to do as a result .
there was something crazy in the inside .
what we &apos;re finding is that the brand of the brand is two different , two different things , and morgan hendry is a funny brand .
these are very repetitive .
and they &apos;re actually creating almost a paradox .
i think most companies are not just going to be able to focus on two different aspects .
most of the companies -- they &apos;re not sure that they &apos;re not part of human nature -- they &apos;re not afraid of things , but you don &apos;t really care about them , and you can &apos;t really understand them , and it &apos;s a nice thing to see .
what other brands look like this ?
the first example is the apple , which is the apple .
you can also see the mini , the wii , the mini of the mini , the mini .
we talk to fun brands and thoughtful brands , and all these alternatives are a very powerful , thoughtful brand .
it &apos;s a fun , thoughtful brand . what ?
if somebody wanted to tell you the identity of your brand , your brand &apos;s identity , what would happen ?
is it alive ? are you a person who &apos;s going to kill people ?
or is there a more calm way ?
is it a little bit quieter , and you &apos;re awake , lean ?
it &apos;s fun to be fun to be fun , like being fun , to be a vibrant , heroic , heroic , heroic , loving , mystical , loving or mysterious , loving or mysterious , loving or mysterious , loving or mysterious .
or do you have a more calm attitude ?
are you going to be thinking , you know ?
you &apos;re like oprah , you &apos;re a traditional , traditional , protective empathy ?
can you , or are you in the sense of reliable , balanced , known , , trust , safe , sacred , profound thoughts in the dalai lama ?
in the process of this film , we &apos;ve talked about over 500 companies , and some of them have live , some of them have a quiet attitude , and they said , &quot; no , no . &quot;
they didn &apos;t want to do anything about this project , the reason they couldn &apos;t control the fundamental cause .
but we &apos;ve found the stories that we &apos;re going to give us to tell the stories that are willing to take care of someone like me , who &apos;s like me , and at the end of the work , and we &apos;re not going to be able to tell us about the stories that we &apos;re going to be able to tell ourselves about .
the ads and the same at the same time , they &apos;ve been able to tell the story of how to use mri centers in the brain , to tell the story of what &apos;s being used in the brain .
we went to san paulo where the outer space was banned .
in the last five years , there &apos;s no fun , no poster , no poster , no handwriting . nothing .
we went to schools where companies in america have been trying to reach today .
and for me , what &apos;s amazing about it is that i &apos;ve been able to get back to the best , and the projects that i &apos;ve been able to get back to the greatest achievement .
and these companies are also companies .
they remove the networks , they remove their agencies and they said , &quot; maybe these agencies don &apos;t think of the best for me . &quot;
i &apos;m not directly interested in my work .
it &apos;s a different thing to do with it , and it &apos;s going to question the way we think about people .
so how did this approach have made results ? did it succeed ?
we can now take a look at our film film festival , and we can take a look .
according to him , film performed in january , and since then -- and that &apos;s just a small part of the whole thing -- we &apos;ve received 900 million media screenings on the film .
it means that it &apos;s all about two and a half weeks of time .
these are just the data in digital medium -- print or tv , not tv .
even more than the distribution of the film .
the film is not published in digital medium . there &apos;s no coverage .
and it &apos;s not even the foreign countries .
so , as a result , this film already has started gaining momentum .
and it &apos;s not a bad project , it &apos;s almost all the advertising agencies that we &apos;re talking about , and it &apos;s almost all the ads that we &apos;re talking about .
there &apos;s something i believe that i always believe , which is , if you &apos;re going to try to get the risk , if you get the risk , you can &apos;t get out of these risks .
i believe that if you don &apos;t get people out of that , you can actually make people fail .
i believe that i &apos;m not going to be able to get rid of the risks , so that you can actually get rid of the whole company .
what i &apos;m feeling is that what is needed for progress is to take people to risk .
you can &apos;t get people out of opportunity to get them out of opportunity .
at the end , i think , if we keep going on , i think we can &apos;t worry about fear .
so we should put this bear on !
you don &apos;t fear fear . you can &apos;t lose the risk .
each time you take a stick , you lose the risk .
and finally , the transparency of transparency .
today , a little bit of intimacy will have a lot of impact .
and as a result , with intimacy and transparency , all this talk was presented by the good friends in &quot; transparency &quot; from ebay , which bought the right to buy the right to buy the name of my friends at mit .
the big data makes great opportunities for all organizations worldwide .
he offers &quot; transparency &quot; .
thank you very much .
tbl cohen : so , you know , i &apos;m asking for the sake of transparency , what has happened to the u.s. ?
this is a wonderful question .
at the moment , i have a czech firm , which is the owner of the ted organization in my pocket , and there &apos;s a coin worth a dollar worth for the next year to join ted .
this is a representation of the brain , and we can split your brain into two sections .
the left side is the left side , and the right side is the right side .
and if we do a measure to measure the ability of each neuron to measure the ability to detect , we can see a graph of our brain .
for example , this will be one of the logic .
this will be a fully trusted person .
so where do you want to put your brain in this scale ?
for some of us , this may be an extreme comment , but i think most of the audience is like this , your brain looks like this -- it &apos;s a high skill in both directions at the same time .
the lobes are in a way that is feeding or supporting .
you might be rational and intuitive .
and then i thought of myself as one of the other experimental quantum physicists that are very good and can bring these complex ideas together .
but at the same time , we need a good test to try and try .
how can we develop this ? we love to play with something .
so we look at it with it , and we look at how it works . so our intuition develops .
you do the same thing .
and it &apos;s a little insight that you &apos;ve been developing for many of the years , that anything is going to be certain at a certain time .
and what i &apos;m trying to tell you about is that something is going to happen at two different locations at the same time , but that &apos;s the concept , you know , that &apos;s what you &apos;re doing .
i remember a kid who was sitting on the car block .
and it was not a lot more , and it was not good about it .
but it &apos;s a really important lesson to play with it , to play with it , and it &apos;s really important to play with it , and it &apos;s going to be a whole thing where it will remain .
this is a great conceptual model for the world , if you &apos;re not a particle physicist .
this is a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they &apos;re playing with strange little particles , car barriers .
and when they &apos;re playing with particles , they &apos;re actually finding all kinds of weird things -- or they &apos;re going to be in two different locations at the same time .
and then when they read all these observations , they call it quantum mechanics theory .
a few years ago , this was where physics was found -- you needed quantum mechanics to describe small , tiny particles .
but it wasn &apos;t necessary to define the big , everyday objects around us .
this is really what i &apos;m going to be able to do with a lot of particles , maybe a lot of particles .
sometimes i &apos;m playing , but not very often .
and i never saw them .
nobody has ever seen a particle .
but that &apos;s what i &apos;m going to do with the logical side .
because if everything comes from small particles and quantum mechanics for all the small particles , then why don &apos;t you have quantum mechanics ?
i don &apos;t see a reason to not be .
and if we do a sense of the everyday lives of quantum mechanics , we can make myself better .
so a few years ago , i just went out to do this .
and i did one .
this is the first time you see this mechanical quantum mechanics .
what we &apos;re looking at here is a little computer chip .
you can look at this green dot in the middle .
i &apos;m going to talk about this metal piece over the next minute .
this is a picture of this object .
let &apos;s zoom in a little bit , look at the center .
and here we &apos;re going to see this little piece of metal , very closely .
now this little piece of metal is looking at what &apos;s looking at what &apos;s on this little piece of metal .
i did this in the way i was doing a computer .
i went into a clean room with a new silicon circuit , and i turned it into the crank , like about 100 hours .
in the last stage , i had to make a machine to open a hole under the device .
this device is enough , but it needs a little bit of help .
this is an example that looks like this .
you know , the more uncomfortable elevator is .
i can do all sorts of bizarre movements when i &apos;ve been in the elevator , but when i &apos;m in the elevator , i don &apos;t want to do these weird things , because i don &apos;t want to disturb those people , or i don &apos;t want to scare them .
here &apos;s the quantum mechanics that predict the same patterns in the same shape .
it &apos;s not just people who are being able to fly for invisible objects , but also the light that shines on the heat , the temperature of the room .
and we know that if we want to see this piece of metal , we have to scare all of the guests .
that &apos;s what we do .
we closed the lights , and we put all the air out of the air , and then we put it into the absolute zero , so close to zero zero .
now , as you can see , it &apos;s free to move in the way it wants little metal .
then we observe the move .
we found a strange way in which we were acting in our bodies .
it was sitting on the ground , and it was like , it was like , it was like breathing , it was like breathing -- it was expanding and shouting .
so , by giving him a lightweight force , we &apos;ve made it clear that it &apos;s not going to be able to do the same at the same time ; it &apos;s just something that quantum mechanics can &apos;t allow .
i &apos;m telling you something really wonderful here .
what does it mean at the same time , and what does it mean ?
let &apos;s think about atoms .
in our case : the billions of atoms that make up the small piece of metal are all sitting and they &apos;re also moving up and down .
just for a moment .
the rest of the time are unclear .
this is the same time that every atom means two different locations , which means that the small metal piece is in two places .
i think that &apos;s really great .
really .
and for all of these years , i had to put myself in a clean room . look at this , because the distance between a single atom and a tiny piece of metal is the difference between the metal and the distance of your mind .
if the only atom is in two places at the same time , these little metal crystals can be found in two different locations , but why about you ?
this is just the voice of the reasonable side .
imagine if you &apos;re going to sit in multiple places at the same time , how would this happen ?
how do you create your body , which doesn &apos;t exist in space ?
there &apos;s another part of the story .
and when we open the lights , we saw the lights , and when we looked inside the box , we found that it was only the only piece there .
and so i had to develop this new insight , and all the things inside the elevator seemed to be a little bit like quantum particles .
you &apos;ve heard a lot of talk about how quantum mechanics is connected to each other .
well , that &apos;s not exactly true .
it has more and more bodies .
these connections , all the things you have around you , are literally defining who you are , and that &apos;s the quantum mechanics is very deep .
thank you .
in 2007 , i decided that we should repeat our thinking about economic development .
the new goal should be to ensure that each family can choose to choose from among a handful of different cities , at least to make sure that they want to live and work .
now we &apos;re very , very , very close to this .
there are billions of people in developing countries , and there is no single city to open their doors .
but the amazing thing about cities is that they &apos;re much more likely to build them .
so the world is easily dozens of new cities , maybe hundreds of new cities .
if you &apos;re not talking about new cities , that might seem absurd .
but just put cities in place .
suppose that half of the people who want to live in the slums have a agency -- no other half .
you can try to expand the capacity in addition to all of our current capacities .
but what you &apos;re going to encounter with is the rules that you have , and the areas that surround them , have the rules to prevent the distribution and the distribution of attention .
so it &apos;s very difficult to make all those letters .
but if you can go to a new place , you can build a whole new apartment , which is the rules that allow us to build the rules , instead of building rules there .
i proposed the states to be able to create new major reform areas that could have cities , and i gave them a name : pilot cities .
what i learned later was about the challenges of reform in venezuela and the challenges of the reform in honduras .
they knew they were going to go to the u.s. every year to go to the u.s. , and they wanted to ask the people to do the same things in honduras .
in one place , he said , &quot; we &apos;re going to take part of our empty land , and we put some of our land in the mail , and then if people want to work under the laws of canada or the u.s. , then they can go to canada , and then , if they want to work under the laws of canada or the u.s. , how do they want to go to canada ?
in summer 2009 , honduras had a constitutional crisis .
in the next regular election , lobo lobo won the reform , but also a platform for reconciliation .
he asked him to be the general staff .
at that time , i was willing to give a speech at tedglobal .
the process of correction and error , error and error , as a result of a lot of user testing , i tried to make this complex pilot .
the first point is the rules of the rules , and it &apos;s like , you can &apos;t ignore the existing apartment owners .
we &apos;re paying very attention to new technologies , but the technology requires technology and rules , and it &apos;s often our survival .
in autumn 2010 , he sent a link from guatemala to a friend of a friend .
he showed that to javier .
they called me .
they said , &quot; we &apos;re not going to join the leaders of our country . &quot;
so in december , we met a hotel conference in miami .
i tried to explain how much more valuable the cities are worth .
and i use a slide that shows how valuable it is like the new york city city : notice , in some cases , the land is hundreds of thousands of dollars .
but it was a very abstract phenomenon , and there was a silence for a moment , and he said , &quot; paul , maybe we can follow the ted talk . &quot;
so ted spoke very simple in terms of the very simple forms , and the pilot is in the middle city , and then there &apos;s a room and then a chance to make people living under the rules that are going to be there , and then you give them a chance to do their choice .
we need this project , and i was recalled by the president of honduras , who said that the way for our country is to move forward .
i was asked to come to broadmoor and speak again and again in january .
and i &apos;d like to give you a slide of a slide like this , and i &apos;ve been full of information , and i tried to say , if you want to make a city very valuable , it must be very big .
this is a picture of seattle , and it &apos;s a new airport built in indianapolis .
this airport alone covers more space than 100 .
i was trying to convince you that if you build a new city , you have to start at least 1,000 square kilometers .
this is more than 25,000 acres .
everybody applauded it .
the face of the audience was very bad , and everybody was listening carefully .
and the leader of congress came to the stage , and he said , &quot; well , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we can watch ted talk .
i have a computer here . &quot;
and i sat down and i was sitting at ted .
and the core of the work is that new options can be introduced for people .
there would be a choice for a city in honduras to be in the north , instead of being a hundred kilometers away .
and they also included new options for leaders .
because the state leaders in honduras need the help of common countries , and in the charter and the common countries that help to establish the rules in practice and practice , so everyone can really trust the charter .
president lobo &apos;s understanding was also important for many of the different parties in honduras that i think of as a way to come up with foreign investors and to build the city , but also for years of fear , and all of the different parties that have been affected by the city .
we went to a space and looked at it .
this picture was taken there .
it could be a thousand square km .
and shortly after , they voted in the congress on january 19th to change the constitution to have a constitutional law that allowed private development zones .
at the same time , in a country that has been killed , the number of those who voted for this constitutional change in a country that has been on the ground has been reduced to the polls .
all parties have supported that .
in order to be part of the constitution , we should actually have two times from the congress .
on february 17th , they passed a vote again .
immediately after that vote , a group of representatives of 21 and 24 , between 21 february and 24 , went to the world &apos;s two most willing locations in the world construction business .
one is south korea .
it &apos;s the picture of a new , big city downtown built in south korea , from downtown boston .
everything you see here , after four years of getting permits , was built in four years .
the other place that is very keen to build city is singapore .
china actually built two cities , and they &apos;re preparing for third .
so if you think of it technically , this is where we are .
they have a venue ; they &apos;ve already started to think about using this space for the second city .
they have a system of law that allows managers to come to come , instead of a distributed legal system .
a country has already been in charge of its own supreme court , the new legal system for the new legal system .
we have a very desire city designers and designers .
they can even bring some investment together .
but there &apos;s something you know that you &apos;ve already had , and there are many owners .
there are many companies in the united states who want to take part in a space , especially free trade space , and there are many people who want to go there .
there are 700 million people in the world who say they want to move to another place now .
there are a million people from latin america to go to the u.s.
a lot of them , a father who left his family to get a job , is a parent mother who has had enough money to buy food or clothes .
unfortunately , what kind of idea is a new city building in honduras , trying to think about the family that has been working in some cases for decades ?
or how do you build dozens of times around the world ?
what kind of idea would every family have a few options to attract new residents ?
this is an idea worth spreading .
and my colleagues asked me to thank you , ted .
