what do you think you &apos;re better than you are ?
i mean , you can have a better memory and a better memory , more accurate and faster .
you want to be more broadly , or more robust .
would you like to be more attractive and trusted ?
what about a healthier life ?
maybe you can &apos;t afford more creativity for more creativity .
what would you most like ?
just one of them , who would you choose ?
audience : creativity creativity
how many of you have fun creativity ?
raise your mind .
there &apos;s only a little bit of creative people there .
that &apos;s very good .
how many of you are seçerdi ?
a little more .
okay ?
it &apos;s a little bit less .
what about a long time ?
it &apos;s a majority . it &apos;s good for doctor .
if you had one of these , the world would be very different .
is it just a dream ?
or is it possible ?
the evolution is a eternal issue , but today i want to give you a doctor &apos;s point of view at ted .
a major 20th century genetikcisi t.g wrote an experiment called &quot; nothing in biology , except in the evolution of evolution in biology , except in the evolution of evolution in the russian orthodox church &quot; .
if you accept evidence of biological evolution for biological evolution , i allow you to get a good time to get your hearing of hearing , and maybe you &apos;re going to take kathryn schulz &apos;s book , because it &apos;s not going to tell you any more about it than ever before .
but if you accept biological evolution , think about this : is it just about the past ?
can it be applied to others ? or can it be applied to us ?
this is another view of life .
and in this picture , i put a branch that folds every way in the center because if you look at the edge of the tree tree , it &apos;s in the middle of the branches , and there &apos;s a harmony on the end of the branches and the environment .
this is a tip of this branch , which is , of course , our most interested people .
we come from a common partner , about altı-sekiz million years ago .
and maybe this is a very different species of different species .
and some of them come and they come .
we &apos;ve been here for about a year .
life can look like a little bit of the other parts of life , but in fact , for a big part , our cells are very close to the simple system .
are you aware of the fact that a common bacterium can take advantage of the system and use it by using it , using the protein to treat diabetes ?
it &apos;s not exactly the same protein as the human being , but it &apos;s the same protein that doesn &apos;t naturally distinguish chemicals .
when you talk about bacteria , are you aware that we &apos;re going to find more bacteria in the rest of our body ?
maybe 10 times more .
imagine , antonio damasio özgüveninizden is the bacteria in your mind ?
it &apos;s a perfectly compatible environment for bacteria .
warm , dark and moist . it &apos;s a sincere environment .
and they &apos;re not going to be able to give them all the food that needs to be done without an effort .
it &apos;s an easy life for bacteria , but it &apos;s very important for the bacteria to grow , but they &apos;re very important .
bacteria are helping the diet of the top nutrients , and you can &apos;t get you to some disease .
but what &apos;s going to happen in the future ?
can we like a kind of evolutionary balance ?
or how do you make it a different species ? maybe we can adapt to the environment better .
now , let &apos;s take a look at the past billion years ago , when the big bang bang was in the world and the solar system in the world , four and a half million years ago , the first genome of life in the world , about four and a half million years ago , after a million years or a billion years ago .
it &apos;s a little bit shorter than the life of the universe that &apos;s not going to be able to live in a short , short way , and a little bit shorter and more human people .
that &apos;s the same talk .
i hope that human beings are the ones that make fun .
first of my freshman freshman in college .
and i fell in love with the power of evolution and the power of evolution , and i realized something very important , and i found something very important to all the genetic energy in the genome , and the entire genetic energy of the cell is transported into cells cells .
but when we come to organisms , things begin to change .
the reproductive goes into effect .
and the rest of our bodies , except for the tanışmamızın tanışmamızın , becomes the rest of our bodies .
in fact , you can say that the death of the death and death in the evolution of death is inherently activated .
i have to admit , i thought , &quot; i &apos;ve got to die , to die , to die , &quot; but it &apos;s been getting bigger for years .
i realized that george burns , who was performing in las vegas , was a performance .
the gate of the night is open .
opening door opens
he sees a beautiful look at his face .
she says , &quot; i &apos;m here for the super sex . &quot;
george said , &quot; i can get a beautiful , soup . &quot;
i was working as a doctor for the doctor , and it was different from the evolution of evolution , which was totally different .
i was trying to protect his body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to improve diseases .
i wanted healthy and longevity .
evolution is to adapt to the generation of generations that are related to generation generation and survival .
the evolutionary perspective and i &apos;m going to be able to go to the next orbit to take the next orbit into the next orbit , and we &apos;re going to be forced to go to the sea .
i think we all can understand that we &apos;re all talking about woody allen . &quot;
i want you to see it . &quot;
so , evolution is the longest time we &apos;ve ever been .
and it &apos;s the biggest , or even the most güçlüyü , or the most akıllıyı .
we can feed the organisms that make the best fit in evolution .
it &apos;s the only example of survival and achievement .
when we look at the bacteria that love the ocean beneath the ocean , i can tell them that they &apos;re going to be able to do the environment with the heat , and i can tell you that there are a lot of possibilities when we look at what &apos;s going on in the past , and especially the next step .
first of all , we &apos;ve reached a kind of balance .
it &apos;s now going to stop human evolution .
and the reason for this is because we &apos;ve managed to protect a lot of genimizi drugs because of these genes , and we &apos;ve walked as much as we can , and we &apos;ve walked out of the environment as much as we can , and we &apos;ve gone to each other .
the second possibility is that natural nature is dominated by nature of nature .
the discussion here is the process , which is very heavy .
as long as it continues , it &apos;s going to be possible , as long as you can see distant planets , the natural ones of evolution and environmental changes .
but there &apos;s a third possibility , and it &apos;s an unpredictable possibility , and it &apos;s terrifying .
what we call neo evolution is that our new evolution is a way that we serve as individuals that are not unique to the nature of nature .
how did that happen ?
how did it become possible to do that ?
in fact , when we think about it as real , people can choose about their children .
in some cultures , parents are more choosing to have boys .
there is no opportunity for society , but individuals and families are choosing that direction .
imagine if you could choose a simple sex choice , or you would have genetic changes that would improve your body from disease to disease .
how do we reduce the health risk and alzheimer &apos;s disease , reduce cancer risk , reduce the risk of felçleri ?
wouldn &apos;t you want to do that in your work ?
if we look at the future , these kind of choices are becoming increasingly probable .
the human genome project started in 1990 , and it took about three years .
we &apos;re going to reach $ 4.5 billion .
one year after the conclusion , you could do the same job in 2004 in three or four months .
today you can get the gene genome genome in your genome , and you can get it within a week .
the cost of a gen and a gene map that everybody can reach is possible .
a week ago , the national engineering academy gave the ödülünü prize for independent techniques called francis arnold and willem stemmer , who developed the natural workings of evolution , and that &apos;s a work that allows us to achieve more effectively in the same way that we &apos;re called &quot; evolution evolution . &quot;
a few years ago , the ödülü prize scientist shinya yamanaka was the araştırmasından of the adult skin cell , and these changes made possible changes in the way that we could change four genes .
we can do not only against them , but not only against themselves , but also against other universes , not only against them .
whether it &apos;s or not , it &apos;s going to continue to develop a vaccine to develop a vaccine in the cells of the tobacco industry .
can you imagine it could be a good thing ?
these are the present facts and more of the future .
the two little changes are cells that are in your body .
imagine what you &apos;re going to do , but what if you don &apos;t have cells ?
if you have a chance to change the sperm and your lungs , or you have a chance to change your child &apos;s disease , you can reduce the risk of a healthy life and the health risk of your child .
who doesn &apos;t want a healthier child ?
and then the same analytical technology is a better memory for us than to protect diseases from diseases that are possible to protect us from disease .
why don &apos;t we have a lot more quickly , especially when ken jenniings has the right to have a new watson machine , especially with the new watson machine that can make it faster and faster ?
why is it longer ?
they &apos;re going to be konulamaz .
and in the future , we &apos;re going to be going to be able to change our old form of evolution , where we have these properties that we need to make .
normally , the process that would require 10,000 years is the option for maybe 100 years , or the options they will have .
will we use these options to make society better ? better , more gentle .
or are we going to make the community more boring for some of us , or are we going to bring our society more boring , or more powerful ?
the questions we have to face .
and seriously , would we be the heir of the wisdom of wisdom to make these elections wise ?
for better or worse , these elections will depend on us at a recent time .
thank you .
now i want you to imagine what you can imagine if you &apos;re going to give you a giysi-robot , or a wheelchair that can make your wheelchair stand up .
we &apos;re in berkeley bionics .
these are actually the sabah of the morning , giving you the extra support , giving you extra support , and it &apos;s actually going to help us get the truth in the real context of the human and machine .
it &apos;s not just that , but it &apos;s not just the same thing that you can do with the world and the other devices there , but with them .
it &apos;s not just a product of imagination .
it &apos;s clearly evident to you that the american soldiers who carry this thing with the average 100 pounds , and they &apos;re going to take more of it , start talking about the american soldiers -- 30 percent of them -- that they cause a number of important breakthroughs .
so we thought we needed to take this issue and put it in a dış-iskelet that would help solve this problem .
i &apos;m going to tell you now , &quot; we &apos;re going to have a massive load of charge for people . &quot;
the weight of the i̇kyt dış-iskeleti and a different arazilerde of 200 pounds of un .
it allows flexible design , çökme , sürünme and hareketlere .
what i want to do , where i know where i want to go , increases power and strength .
we &apos;re ready to put this device on the market with our partner , and we &apos;re ready to start this this year .
so that &apos;s a real phenomenon .
now let &apos;s look at something else that i &apos;m particularly excited about : the wheelchair .
it &apos;s estimated that there are five million people on the planet -- a million people .
that &apos;s about one percent of the population .
it &apos;s actually an optimistic estimate .
we &apos;re talking about the gençlerden of the gençlerden , the &apos; 30s , the &apos; 30s , the &apos; 40s , &apos; &apos; the duvara wall in the &apos; 70s , and we &apos;re talking about teenagers who have a sandalye wheelchair .
however , the older population is increasingly becoming more .
and in the case of a stroke or another , the only option is a wheelchair .
this is something that has been done in the last 500 years , in fact , since we &apos;re being used successfully .
so we thought we needed to create a new page on mobility .
now i &apos;m going to show you 19 years ago , when the spinal cord was removed , and as a result of that , i &apos;d like to introduce the system of the sistemini system , which has already been in 40 -- amanda boxtel .
thank you .
you can see that amanda &apos;s going to work on him .
they have sensors .
the system that sends signals that send signals to the control unit in the back of amanda is not giving the body to the body .
there &apos;s also a battery box that drives engines on the kalçaları and the knee , which allows him to move easily and naturally .
when i was skiing skiing , i was in the age of 24 , when i was a bir , and i was at the age of 24 .
suddenly i started walking from the waist .
shortly after that , a doctor arrived in the hospital , and she said , &quot; amanda , unfortunately , i &apos;m going to make it more . &quot;
this was exactly 19 years ago .
at that moment , the doctor was all söndürdü .
since then , i &apos;ve learned to ski again , to be able to ski again through the kayalara , and even to use the bisikleti .
but i couldn &apos;t invent anything that could help me , and so far .
thank you .
we have technology , you see , there are platforms where you can sit with you .
everything is in our hands . we have the potential to change the lives of future generations , but not just the soldiers here or amanda , but the people of the wheelchair .
thank you .
in new york , the goal of a nonprofit company called robin hood is the development of a non-profit company .
we were trained by the poverty , a volunteer officer , as a volunteer officer .
right now , the volunteers will provide support to the high gifted kariyerli , which is a lot of time to intervene in the fire area .
i remember my first trip .
i had a very high chance to get involved in the incident , so i had a very high chance .
but there was a huge challenge to see what was going on among other volunteers , and what was going on at the beginning of the görevlerimizin .
he was doing a very quiet talk with his host , the host of the house , who was probably the worst in her life .
in the middle of the night , the rain stood beneath the rain , under the şemsiyenin , the yalın , the house , the house of the alevler , the house .
just before me , the other volunteer , the other volunteer , let &apos;s call it the luther luther , and i was asked to call it before , and i was asked to go in and kill the dog &apos;s dog .
dog ! kıskançlığımdan kalakaldım .
there &apos;s a person who &apos;s going to take the money in the rest of his lifetime , to go to a building that was burned in the rest of his lifetime , and he saved a living creature .
and i was there .
he called me the captain .
he said , &quot; i want you to go home .
i &apos;m going to go up , blow the flames , and i want to put a pair of shoes on this woman . &quot;
i swear .
i mean , it wasn &apos;t what i expected , but i went , i went to the stairs , i went to the end of the corridor , and i went to the bed , and i went to the bed room for a couple of shoes .
i know what you &apos;re thinking , but i &apos;m not a hero .
i cut the load down the stairs , where i met my wife , and i was a valuable dog in the front line .
we took it to the owner of the house , naturally , which has attracted more attention than me .
a couple of weeks later , the department received a letter from the owner , who thanked us for his efordan , because he had been able to get her home .
the other thing was that he had a polite behavior on the other thing : somebody even brought her shoes .
but i also witnessed a massive scale of cömertlik , a huge scale of generosity and courage , but i also witnessed a huge scale of generosity and generosity , but also personally , i &apos;ve witnessed personal dignity and dignity .
and you know what ?
it &apos;s all important .
and when you look at the people in this room who have seen a huge success , or to catch up , i can offer you , i can offer you .
you don &apos;t expect to have the first chance to make a change in your life .
if you have the birşeyiniz , now give it .
serve the food at home , a park .
be a human being .
it &apos;s a chance to save a person &apos;s life every day , but it gives us a chance to influence a person every day .
so , take the action -- the shoes save .
thank you .
mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i came up with a community that was just a new , human secrets .
this is a place where women are competing to demonstrate themselves , and that &apos;s where the rules of the day are being met , and that &apos;s where the rules are a serious business .
oh , this is not the place man or san francisco .
it &apos;s hanımefendiler and beyefendiler , and i &apos;m going to kill you .
this is the world of bonobo in the old-growth forests of congo .
along with other chimpanzees , bonobos are the closest akrabanızdır of you .
that means a evolutionary grandmother who lived about 40 million years ago .
now , chimpanzees are biliniyorlar .
but unfortunately , when we talk about human evolution , we really have a lot of emphasis on this topic .
but the bonobos show us the other face of the medal .
the chimps are under the control of the great scary men , while the bonobo community is dominated by females .
these guys really don &apos;t know something , because this has led to a crowd of people who have not been able to have a deadly punishment yet .
but unfortunately , bonobos are at least anlaşılanı of the apes .
they live in the deep depths of congo , and so it &apos;s very difficult to study them .
congo is an extraordinary biological diversity , but it was alleged that the wild conflicts , which have lasted decades in the spirit of the darkness , were the scene of wild conflicts and nearly the first world war ii .
it &apos;s not surprising that this destruction is going to endanger survival in the bonobo .
it means that meat trade and forests are going into a small stadium in the world -- and we &apos;re not sure to be honest -- and we &apos;re not sure about it .
and yet , you can hear about the hidden secret of this violence and chaos on the soil of chaos .
who is this kuzenler ?
we know them as &quot; sevişen , savaşmayan &quot; as monkeys because they &apos;re very often , and they &apos;re going to be able to control conflicts and to solve social issues .
now , i don &apos;t say that this is a solution to all of the problems of humanity because there &apos;s more than dan in the life of bonoboların .
bonobos , like humans , they like to play games throughout their lifetime .
the game is not just for children .
for us , for them , it &apos;s a reward to create a game , and to create a toleransları .
what we learn from play is where we learn the rules of play .
game creativity increases creativity , artırır , and the game is all about generation diversity -- interaction diversity variation diversity .
and you &apos;re going to see a very evolutionary evolutionary roots of the game , the dance , the dance , the törelerinin of the game .
it &apos;s a tutkaldır that keeps us together .
now , i don &apos;t know how you &apos;re going to play , but i want you to get a couple of massive clips from the wild life .
first of all , this is a bir , and i don &apos;t mean it .
here &apos;s a young female , a young female who entered the game game .
look at what he does .
it should have been a origin of a former deyimin , &quot; he said .
i think it &apos;s very happy with that , right .
yes .
well , sex play is pervasive in both people and people .
and this video is really interesting , because it turns out -- this video is really interesting , because it shows you that it &apos;s the ability to bring things out of game , like şeyler , and also how it needs to trust it .
but the game is something that changes shape .
but the game is something that changes the shape , and a lot of them can enter , and some of them are more engaged , more meraklı , more enthusiastic , maybe keşfedildiği .
and i want you to see , this is a young female , a young female , and she &apos;s playing with water .
and i think , like that , we are sometimes oynarız , and we are the boundaries of our inner and external world .
and this is a kind of curiosity that we &apos;re going to study , and it &apos;s getting us to study , and then the umulmadık that we &apos;re building is the real nest of creativity .
these are the little tatlandırıcılar that we have given us to the past and our current time .
but they &apos;re also a future that we need to be able to adapt to the world that we need to be able to create secrets in our future .
the secret is that the game is the key to all of this .
in other words , the game is wild wildlife .
we need play in order to adapt to a successful world .
but are we going to do most of our minds ?
it &apos;s not meaningless .
there &apos;s no play .
life for bonobos and people is not just dental and tırnaktaki .
it may be the most important when the game seems to be the most unnecessary .
and here , i &apos;m a biologist , and i &apos;m going to be able to get rid of this hediyeyi , and i &apos;m going to start with creativity , friendship and friendship , and i &apos;ll redefine creativity .
thank you .
i want you to imagine two çift -- the same day in the middle of the year , the same day in the middle of 2006 -- all right .
each of these two couples is making a baby .
i don &apos;t want to be able to imagine a little bit of baby , because i &apos;m going to spend a lot of time thinking about that part , and i &apos;m going to make me laugh .
now imagine that moment only .
and in this scenario , and i want you to imagine this in an example , the sperm y carries the chromosome , and it connects the yumurtanın x .
and in the other case , the sperm is carrying the sperm x into the x x .
every time it &apos;s alive , it goes out .
we &apos;re going to return to these people again .
i &apos;m wearing two sticks in my work .
in this case , i do the history of anatomy .
i &apos;m one of my history education , and i mean my work in this field -- what i mean by human beings and animals -- i mean the human and animal vücutlarını perspective , how they think about their differences .
and as a teenager , as a journalist , as a journalist , i &apos;m a lawyer -- or sometimes , as i say , i &apos;m using a bir advocate for physicians -- i use the patient &apos;s patients .
in these cases , the people of the people i work are challenging social benefits .
so part of the people i &apos;m working with , for example , is one in a single body , one in one body .
some of the people i work with are the ones that are very short , very short .
and what i &apos;ve been working with is that people who are a big fan of what i &apos;ve been working with -- so the standard male or the standard woman -- are people that have no standard male body .
we use the term terimini term for this .
there are many different forms of gender .
i &apos;m going to give you a couple of gender examples that don &apos;t fit with standard male or female standards .
in some of these , there &apos;s a temelli chromosome , and there &apos;s a gene kromozomunda gene , and that &apos;s the gene that we have , which tells us that we &apos;re all in the halindeyken .
and so it starts with the weight of the testesteron .
however , this lack of body reaction is not a testesterona .
and this is called sendromu syndrome syndrome .
there &apos;s a lot of testosterone , but there &apos;s no reaction .
as a result , the body is going to be more kadınsal .
when the baby was born , she was born .
he was like a girl and a girl .
and this girl is going on until the age of teenage , and the girl grows , and the girl starts growing , but she &apos;s going to start growing up here , and he &apos;s got to figure out what &apos;s happening here .
and to understand , the tests are starting to be done , and instead of the body , and instead of a baby , we have this girl , and it has a y .
now the important thing that you need to do is to tell you that these guys are actually men , but they &apos;re not men .
women , like men , have structures called bezleri böbreküstü .
it &apos;s our body &apos;s backyard .
and they produce bezleri androjen , which is the male hormone .
so many women like me -- i accept myself as a typical woman -- i don &apos;t know if i &apos;m a typical woman , but i probably think i &apos;m typical -- many women like me are duyarlıdır .
we &apos;re generating our products , and we respond to the androjenlere .
as a result , one of the things like me is that it has a very clear brain that is more likely to have women who are born with androjen .
in short , gender work is really complicated , and there are only people between all these sex categories that have no other gender equality .
another example of a couple of years ago , he called me a 19-year-old man , who was born as a boy , as a girl who had been born with her girlfriend , who was a girl who lived as a girl , and she had a short time before she was married and married .
however , there is a situation called uç , which is called doğuştan and doğuştan .
it has a lot of work , and the main theme is that we have a lot of work , and this is actually a hormone that has created a hormone environment .
and as a result , sexual organs have been erkeksileşmiş , and they have a lot more erkeksi than they can do .
and when i was born , i was like a man -- no one was afraid of anything .
and until that age of 19 , it went on until the age of 19 , and then some medical problems began to have a bir , and the doctors were the ones who were pregnant that this was a young man .
ok , so i &apos;m going to go back to another example of what you can be .
some of the people who have the chromosome chromosome are ovo-testis , so there &apos;s a baby dokunuz , and they &apos;re associated with cervical tissue tissue .
we don &apos;t know why this is happening .
in short , there are very different variations .
they want to have these kids , whether they want to be , or whether they &apos;re arası -- they &apos;re often döndürülür , or they &apos;re arası -- they &apos;re not necessarily the ones that have to do better , but psychological .
in many cases , these people are very sağlıklıdır .
the reasons for these çesit operations are not to threaten social benefits .
or in general , the system is based on certain parameters of certain parameters .
there &apos;s a konseptimiz that means a woman who has a female identity to be a woman , and to be african-american , you have to have african africans .
we have a very , very simple idea .
and when we face a vücutla , it tells us something much differently , because of those katogorilendirmeden , we can &apos;t stop us .
so culture has very romantic ideas about our culture .
and in fact , it was built on a very romantic idea in our country .
you can imagine how it started , you can imagine , when your kids are born with two people .
i &apos;ve been involved in this fiery situation last year , when i was in the south african runner , caster semenya , and i joined the international community in berlin .
many journalists asked me to search for me and tell me what tests were going to be done to find out what &apos;s going to be done .
and i had to explain to reporters that there was no test .
we know that now we know that gender itself is so complicated and the men and the men , and the men and the men , and the men and women , in nature , and in nature , in nature , it &apos;s actually us .
now we &apos;ve come to a komuma , and we think that science is more complex than we have to admit to ourselves , and we think that these categories are more complex than we can think of .
and that &apos;s not just a gender .
and as a race , it &apos;s much more complicated than the fact that it allows us to be allowed .
we &apos;re moving into much more uncomfortable areas .
for example , 95 percent of dna dna is the same .
is it just a few nükleotit that make us different from them ?
in science , in science , in science , we &apos;re simply moving towards a much more disturbing point , which is simply a little more disturbing than the fact that the categories are actually prepared .
and we see this in every aspect of human life .
for example , what we see in our culture today is another example of what we see in america , and the discussion of life .
we have different visions of how the body is going to be able to become a human , and when it comes to human being .
now , when someone &apos;s killed -- probably as open as you &apos;re in medicine -- we &apos;re discussing very hard issues .
when our ancestors were killed in the past , this is the question .
most of the people are tüy , if they don &apos;t wear the feather .
it &apos;s . defnediyorlardı .
but today , we &apos;re sitting on the very hard question that people can take and give up to other people and say , &quot; who &apos;s going to do that ? &quot; and it takes us to much more difficult places than we &apos;ve done .
now , many of you might think that these broken categories make me happy .
i &apos;m a politician , i &apos;m not going to talk about people who are not normal , but i should admit that i can &apos;t even worry about me .
i &apos;m going to make sure that these categories are much more variable than we think .
and we think of me as a view of democracy .
because i &apos;m going to tell you all these tensions , i first think i &apos;m a big fan of the founders of america .
i know they &apos;re olduklarını , and i know they &apos;re doing gender .
so it &apos;s very courageous and kararlılardı , so i &apos;m watching a couple of years , so i &apos;m watching a couple of years , not just because of a uyduruk music .
it &apos;s what the americans in da are .
my idea is that the founders of the united states , the original anatomikal , that &apos;s the cause .
what they have rejected is kavramdı , and they changed it with something else , and that &apos;s beautiful .
it &apos;s a concept that you &apos;re all willing to look like , and you &apos;re not going to have a very simple idea of anatomy .
the kralları of the old world had a dna of dna , but they had the concept of the right to win .
they had the concept of aristokrat .
they had the idea that the political power could be able to force the power of the people who were coming from the body , and they had the political power of the blood .
it has rejected the idea , and they replaced him with another anatomiksel , and this concept was all equal .
they decided that they had the differences in the game , and they had their differences , and they had the differences , and it was a very radikalce movement .
now they did part of this because the enlightenment of the two things grew together .
and on the other hand , we &apos;re going to be in science at the same time .
and this is very obvious , if you look at the history of the kurucularımızın , many of them are interested in science , and you &apos;ll see that it &apos;s about the world of the world .
they &apos;re not going to be afraid of the supernatural statements , and they don &apos;t understand the concepts of supernatural power that won &apos;t win .
we &apos;re going to go to a more doğacı approach .
if you look at independence , for example , you &apos;ll see the nature of nature and nature .
it &apos;s about god and god &apos;s nature .
they &apos;re talking about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
so part of this was about the concept of the concept that they brought to us .
and they did this in a very nice way , in the future , in the future of human rights movements .
that &apos;s how it &apos;s going to happen , but it &apos;s done for us and that &apos;s remarkable .
so what happened years later ?
and what happens to the woman who wants to have the right to vote is that the anatomy is much more important than differences , and she says , &quot; we don &apos;t have the right to be able to make sure that we don &apos;t have the right to be able to vote and have a right to become a property owner . &quot;
and women talked about that .
and then we came up with successful human rights movements , and we found people like , &quot; i am female women . &quot;
and the men who walk in front of the human rights movement and say , &quot; i &apos;m a erkeğim . &quot;
again , the anatomik of the people in the colors of the people came again again .
we also saw the same thing as a disability .
so the problem here is , when we start to see the similarities , we start to question why we &apos;re doing this .
now notice , i want you to do a lot of our culture in our culture .
for example , i don &apos;t want to give a fish to a fish .
i don &apos;t mean it &apos;s completely vazgeçtik .
i don &apos;t want to have five years of sexual or marriage .
we have certain anatomic ayrımlar , like gçrüğünüz , and i have to tell you that you have to make sense .
but what &apos;s really hard to do here is what &apos;s going to be called , and why don &apos;t you care about it ?
so let &apos;s go back to two double pairs that make this baby .
we have two çiftimiz , ikiside -- in the middle of 1950 , they made babies the same day .
one of these was mary , mary , three months earlier , which was born on 1 january 1980 .
on the other hand , henry was born on april 1st 1980 .
so mary had three months before i was born , and he had three months before henry , who had the right to vote for sex .
for all of these things , henry is supposed to wait , not because it &apos;s a different age , not because it &apos;s a different age .
we found other things about what their rights were .
henry , because he &apos;s not just a male , i don &apos;t even tell you that he &apos;s a xy ; he &apos;s responsible for his military service , not just because he &apos;s a man .
the mary , meanwhile , does not have the haklarada that henry has in all states .
henry evlenebilirken in all states with a woman , mary today , with a couple of states .
as you can see , there &apos;s still a lot of problems and sorgulanabilir in many ways .
and when i ask the question , what are we going to do when we &apos;re going to do this so well , when we &apos;re going to go to a point where we &apos;re going to go to a point where we &apos;re going to be able to take the anatomy into parts of democracy ?
i don &apos;t want to give up science , but i feel like i &apos;m going to get underneath science .
where are we going to go ?
what happens in our culture seems like a kind of pragmatic attitude : &quot; okay , we have to draw these lines , so that &apos;s where we can get these lines . &quot;
but many face strange situations .
for example , at some point , we decided that texas had to don &apos;t have y y to marry a man , and you have to have y y to marry a woman .
they don &apos;t test people in practice .
but it &apos;s very strange to you , because of the lack of the androjen that i tell you .
if we look at the founders of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , he offers us a solution .
he tells us that we need to move forward with the color of the color , which says that we need to go even further .
and i want to say , &quot; oh , this seems like a really good idea . &quot;
but how do you do that in practice ?
how do you define people based on their character ?
at the same time , i want to emphasize that i &apos;m not quite sure how to fix the rights of people , because i have to admit that some of the golden sharks i know are going to be able to get more social services than some of the people i know .
in fact , i think it &apos;s much more knowledgeable , intelligent , brilliant decisions than i know about some of the young people i &apos;ve ever heard about .
so how do we make the character content the content ?
it looks like a very difficult job .
and he also wondered that the character of the character would be able to make the content of the character in the future , so what would you like with mri ?
how do you really move forward to this point ?
i &apos;m not sure where you go .
something i know is that the problem of thinking about the leadership of the united states is very important .
we &apos;ve done very good work with democracy , and i think we &apos;re doing good work .
we don &apos;t have an environment like iran , for example , when a male has a sexual desire , but if it agrees that it will be allowed to change gender , it is allowed to live , otherwise .
we have no such conditions .
i &apos;m happy that there are no situations like this -- a couple of years ago i talked about the twins who had not been able to write the twins to make a name .
but when i was talking about the phone , i asked him why he did a risky surgery , so that he had to do so badly in the countries in the world .
my name was , &quot; what do you do instead of the political asylum ?
the united states offers people incredible possibilities , allowing them to change them as they are .
so i think we should be in leadership .
before i finished my talk , i &apos;d like to propose that i &apos;m going to talk about it .
and i &apos;d like you to ask you to think about what it looks like if you &apos;re not going to be involved in what &apos;s going on , or what it looks like .
and i want to tell you a little bit about something that i &apos;m going to tell you a little bit about for a feminist , and i believe that when there are different kinds of anatomiler in a group of people who think they have different kinds of anatomiler .
now i &apos;ve been interested in gender issues , and i &apos;m also interested in gender change research .
and another thing i &apos;m particularly interested in is the differences between women and the idea of the world opinions and the world opinions .
and in comparison to cultural studies , women are not going to be more careful in the average social relationships , not all in the average , but in a group of people , they &apos;re much more susceptible to social relationships .
if we think about it , there &apos;s a very interesting situation .
several years ago , one of my colleagues , who knew that i was in college , was one of my parents who knew i was a feminist , and he asked me a very strange question .
he said to me , &quot; what is your name ? &quot;
i thought , &quot; this is the stupidest question i &apos;ve heard in my life . &quot;
there &apos;s nothing to do with feminizim cinsiyetle , so there &apos;s nothing to do with it . &quot;
but when we think about the question , i started thinking maybe something might happen .
let &apos;s say that there are things , the average female brain is different from the male brain , and it makes us more vulnerable to our social relationships .
whereas if you &apos;re very sensitive to protecting people in america , if you &apos;re not going to be able to get more mothers to this situation , we &apos;re just going to know how to protect the other .
it &apos;s perhaps the place we need to go in the future , that we can move democracy beyond the body -- we think more about the body &apos;s bodies .
so when we &apos;re trying to create more perfect units , we think about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i &apos;m a jessi , and this is my journey .
but before i showed you what happened to you , i would admit something , i was wearing the room .
i love finding , and i &apos;m going to take photos of a different color and crazy , çılgın photos of every situation .
but you can buy nothing new .
i take the second hand and save the second hand .
thank you , thank you .
he allows me to reduce the impact of the second shopping shop and the environmental impact on the environment .
every time you live with perfect people -- money usually goes to a good place -- and it &apos;s very different -- and it &apos;s like my personal personal treasure for me .
what are i going to find today ? i say .
is it going to be me ?
the color of color ?
are you under 20 dollars ?
if all the answers are yes , i feel like i won .
i want to go back to my valizime , and i &apos;m going to show you what i &apos;m going to do for this exciting week .
who makes it all the way ?
so i &apos;m going to show you exactly what you &apos;re doing .
i brought seven pairs of külot to this .
i just put it in a week of internal internal strife .
when i was to wear , i went into the palm springs , and i got into my impression that everything was happening .
and you &apos;re a kadındım that &apos;s going to walk around ted before you get me , which means i found a couple of things .
and now i want to show you that i &apos;m going to give you a week .
sounds nice ?
and when i do that , i &apos;m going to tell you a few life lessons , or believe , no one is new .
let &apos;s start on sunday .
i call this bright tiger .
you don &apos;t have to spend a lot of money to look at it .
almost every 50 dollars are extraordinary .
it was all these kıyafetin , including the cost of 55 dollars , and it was the most popular of all week .
pm : color must be strong .
it &apos;s almost impossible to be a bad mood in a bright red jacket , a bad mood .
if you &apos;re lucky , you &apos;re not going to be happy with yourself .
tuesday : i &apos;m not going to be able to meet a coherent giyinme .
i spent a lot of my life on my own , and i also spent the same time working with it .
it &apos;s not just that .
if you compare it to the right people , they will be able to understand that , if they do that .
wednesday : i̇çinizdeki children are born .
sometimes people tell me that they &apos;re going to play a lot of games , or they can &apos;t tell them about seven years old .
i like to laugh and say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
thursday : most importantly , trust itself .
if you think you &apos;re a good thing about something , you &apos;re absolutely wrong .
and if you think you &apos;re not good about something , you probably don &apos;t .
this day i grew up with a mother , who said , &quot; i &apos;m going to die this day . &quot;
but i realized what it meant , but i got 30 years old .
and now we &apos;re just going to do that in a second .
if you believe you &apos;re a nice person in the outside and outside , there &apos;s no one that can take your eye .
so there &apos;s no mazeretimiz to this crowd .
we &apos;re going to be able to do it when we &apos;re going to stop it .
thank you .
friday : a universal reality -- five words for you : you can &apos;t do something in the golden sands .
and finally , saturday : it &apos;s a great way to develop a very wonderful way to tell the whole world about the word of the word &quot; sarfetmeden . &quot;
this week , i was able to again again prove that there were people who came to me and again , and it was very beautiful .
it turns out that things don &apos;t really go to my little valizime .
before i go to brooklyn , we can &apos;t fix everything .
because this week , i &apos;m going to allow myself to go to my teaching class .
you don &apos;t need to be emotionally bağlanmama , because , always , every corner is waiting for me to look at me , and look at me , if i look at a little bit of love , and look at it .
thank you very much .
thank you .
everybody , good evening .
there &apos;s something i want to show you .
think of it as a piksel .
we call it intelligent design .
i &apos;m going to talk a little bit about this .
now , let &apos;s take this picture -- i &apos;m originally a member of the italyanım , and every single boy in daki is going to grow with this picture , and this is something that has happened in the past decade .
a time ago , we took a chance to win a race 1 racing race , and that was a good job for the car .
and if the car and the car were good enough , they would finish the race .
today , in order to win the race , you need something like this -- the car is real time , and it &apos;s a bunch of thousand sensors , a few thousand sensors that get information from the car , and then the information that allows you to go back to the car and turn the information back to the car .
engineering engineering is called real-time control system .
basically a system consists of two components -- a perception component and a operating component .
today , what &apos;s interesting is that real-time control systems are in our lives .
our cities are connected with networks , electronic equipment .
they &apos;re like open air computers .
and we &apos;re not going to be able to react like computers in the open air , and they react differently in different ways .
it &apos;s a very important situation if you don &apos;t .
i want to talk about one side as a side side , just two percent of our cities , but the world &apos;s nufüsünün percent are . percent .
energy consumption accounts for yetmişbeşini percent of the energy consumption ; they &apos;re responsible for sekseninden percent .
if you don &apos;t think about it , it &apos;s going to be important .
beyond the cities , all this perception and operating are also affecting objects everyday .
this was a sergidendir in the summer of the summer , in the summer of paola ceausescu .
&quot; speak with me . &quot;
objelerimiz , our environment , our environment .
in a sense , all atoms in the world are both capable of being both sensors and operating components .
and that &apos;s what happens as a radical radikal in the way that people are outside .
in a sense , it &apos;s like michelangelo &apos;s dream .
you know , when moses was doing his statue , he finally took it and said , moses , he &apos;s got a hz -- and he &apos;s actually a little çentik -- and he said , &quot; why don &apos;t you get rid of your perché ? &quot;
for the first time today , our environment has started talking with us .
and i &apos;ll show you a few examples of the idea of perception and spatial .
let &apos;s start with perception .
the first project i want to share with you is actually one of my first projects .
it was in italy four and a half years ago .
and what we &apos;re doing there is that all the world is distributed to the whole world -- a network of mobile phones -- in time , using a network of mobile phones , and you can try to figure out how the city works .
we &apos;re lucky -- 2006 .
he won the world cup cup .
some of you will remember , italy was playing france with france , and eventually you put it in a oyuncuya player .
anyway , it won &apos;t finally win .
i want to take attention to those who are now on the network , watching them .
here you see the city .
you see u in the middle , the nehri river .
the morning before the match .
you see the time on the top .
people in various places are doing search and they move .
the game starts ; there &apos;s silence .
france is taking the goal . it takes goals .
the first half is finished , people can search for their own toilet .
second half . the normal duration of the game ends .
the first half of my childhood is the second half .
it &apos;s the moment of vurma .
he wins . yeah !
everybody went to the center of city to celebrate that night .
you see the big intensity .
the next day , the team gathered in downtown downtown to meet the prime minister .
and then everybody went to the bottom of the map .
you see this place called massimo massimo , where people have been here to celebrate the celebration of rome , and here &apos;s a big party , and you see a big party at the end of the day .
just one of the examples that we could use to perceive this city was that we couldn &apos;t do it a few years ago .
let &apos;s give you an example of perception : it &apos;s not about these people , but it &apos;s about what we use and what we consume .
we know where it comes from today .
this map shows how they come together and how they come together .
but we know little about where these items go .
in this project , we developed small tags in this project that are moving to some of the artifacts that are moving within the system .
so , about a year ago , we started with a few volunteers in seattle , where they were going to take their belongings , and you can see the various things that they &apos;re taking here in seattle -- you can see these things already .
and then we followed a small chip , a small label , put it on the table .
these are the results we get .
seattle seattle seattle
a week later .
we found that the system is very inefficient .
we can actually do the same thing with less energy .
this is not the data before .
but there are no transportation and complicated events .
but we believe that we are still in the world where we &apos;re wasted every day .
and we didn &apos;t realize that this was a permanent thing .
we can encourage people to change this by showing you a change .
that was the purpose of the project .
mit &apos;s colleague at mit , assaf biderman , can give a lot more information about perception and can tell the incredible things that can be done with perception , but i want to go to the second part that we &apos;re talking about , and that &apos;s what we &apos;re talking about .
the first project was a few years ago when we were in spain .
the mayor of the city began with a question that he came to us , and there &apos;s a nice tradition about using the architecture in the public in spain and south europe .
the question was : how technology , new technology , how do we approach this approach ?
one of the ideas that was developed at mit in a study at mit was about açılap kapanan , a pipeline that was a boru .
you create a wall with water .
if you go down , you can create the text , you can create patterns , images , text , text .
and when you &apos;re approaching it , it can be opened , as you can see in this picture .
we presented this to mayor belloch .
he loved it .
and i was designed to design a building in the entrance of the exponun .
we call the building the digital water .
the entire building is comprised of water .
you don &apos;t have the door or the window , but you &apos;re not going to walk in .
the roof will be covered with water .
and if there &apos;s a bit of wind , you can download a little bit of the water .
or it &apos;s the building of the building , and it &apos;s all the architectural artifacts that are like this .
this winter , when you go to the roof of the roof in these winter , they &apos;re telling us that people who visit the building and visit the building are &quot; yıktılar the building . &quot;
no , if you don &apos;t get the building , it &apos;s almost kaybolmaktadır architecture .
you can see how the building works here .
here you see people who are trying to learn what happens inside the building .
and here i &apos;m working with sansörleri denerken , who runs the water .
i &apos;m going to tell you what the sensors are .
it was even more fun tonight .
all the young people in daki came to the building because the building had changed .
the building was no longer designed for the building , but we still had holes and yarıklar holes , and we had to get out of it .
it &apos;s very interesting for us , because architects , engineers and designers always think about how people can use things we design .
but what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s hard to guess .
this is the ability to do things that are used on the side of the people , and they &apos;re interacting with them .
this is an image of the building that is made up of the sudan , which is the physical pkselleri , which is a projeksiyon .
and this has enabled you to think about the project that i &apos;m going to show you now .
imagine this piksellerin uçabildiğini .
imagine you have little helikopterlere that can move in the air , and think of the lights in each of them -- a cloud that can move in space .
here &apos;s the video .
hayalinizde , as we &apos;ve seen before , is a helicopter that acts simultaneously with similar örnekleriyle .
you can get this kind of cloud .
it might be kind of flexible , like this -- it &apos;s a two-dimensional konfigürasyon .
or it &apos;s a regular , three-dimensional , three-dimensional thing that is changing , not the konumu .
you can play a different kind of thing .
imagine a sudden pattern in different scales , or sizes , in different scales .
but all of this is a 3d cloud cloud that you can see from inside , and you can see in many ways .
so we &apos;re going to go down to create the regular v pattern that you &apos;ve seen before .
you can see the fact that you can see that , you know , that &apos;s exactly the same .
and think of each of them being managed by people .
every time it &apos;s possible , it can control people &apos;s actions or control .
i &apos;m going to show you the first time here .
one of the leading ballet architects today , we &apos;ve worked with roberto bolle ; we &apos;ve done the actions in new york and milan scala in the city and milan at the metropolitan and milan scala in new york .
you can see roberto dancing here .
you see the pikselleri caught on the left .
it &apos;s also used for 3d real-time scan and action .
the whole movement from the beginning is to end .
it &apos;s kurabiliyorsunuz .
it &apos;s possible to play and play with them and the color and the color and play with them .
we want to use this as a possible way of using this .
i want to show you the last one of the project .
what we &apos;re working on for the olympics in london .
it &apos;s called cloud .
so here &apos;s the idea that we &apos;ve got people doing things , doing things in the environment . we &apos;re called the cloud kaldırma -- it &apos;s like building the cloud .
imagine that everybody contributes to a piksel .
and what &apos;s interesting about it in recent years is that , in the last decade , we &apos;ve been able to switch from the physical world to virtual world .
we &apos;ve gone all the time , and we &apos;ve made it available through the internet .
for the first time today , and for the first time , we have shown that obama &apos;s election campaign -- digital from the digital world , we transition from the power of networks to the physical force .
we want to use it to design the icon of the bie and to make it .
that means built in a city .
but tomorrow , for the sake of waiting for us today -- imagine climate change or co2 emissions -- how we can transition from the digital world to physical world .
there was a idea for people to do it collectively .
this is a cloud of clouds , which is a cloud of clouds , which is a cloud of clouds .
and those particles are a buluttur that is made up of us with water .
it was a physical yapısır that was covered in london .
they can walk around and experience different kinds of experience .
if you look down at the bottom -- the most important moment in the history of the olympics and after the events , it may be a serious tool for individuals to connect with society .
it &apos;s going to be possible to get the cloud in the sky , and it &apos;s going to be possible to go through the yukarısına , like london &apos;s new mountain .
i &apos;m going to go to the himalayas .
and it &apos;s going to be a new kind of urban icon -- but it &apos;s going to be a new experience for anyone who &apos;s going to come up .
thank you .
it &apos;s very important for me as a artist .
i &apos;m trying to make sure that people are not separate from nature , and that everything is connected .
the first time i went to antarctica 10 years ago i saw my first time .
i was fascinated .
when i was trying to figure out what was happening in my face , i was speeding up fast , and i was going to go .
it was about 60 feet above the yükseklikleri water around me , and i was able to imagine how that was going to be a profit of snow over the years .
we &apos;re going to get rid of the mountain , or the ice shelf , or the ice shelf .
each iceberg has a distinctive personality .
there &apos;s a different way of communication with çeverleriyle and tecbrübeleriyle .
some of them cross the red , and they &apos;re going to fall in pain , and some of them are olurlar with a dramatic crisis of passion .
it &apos;s easy to think that they &apos;re isolated , they &apos;re isolated , they &apos;re isolated , they &apos;re separate and they &apos;re lonely .
but it &apos;s very uzaktır .
i &apos;m going to take a picture of it , and i &apos;m looking at the ancient atmosphere of it .
and it gives us a lot of fresh freshwater water that feeds a lot of lives in our cities .
and when you take the picture of these glaciers , it &apos;s sort of like the old family fertlerimin portraits , and i &apos;m going to take them again , like this one , and i just like to do it again .
it &apos;s not a death , but it &apos;s not a death , but it &apos;s a continuation of life .
some of the buzdağları i took a picture of the picture -- so a few thousand years .
and some of them are older than 100,000 years old .
i &apos;m going to show you the last few pictures that i &apos;m going to show you here in greenland .
it was a very rare one to witness a ice mountain .
and here it is .
you can see on the edge of this little boat .
this is a metrelik boat .
and i want to focus your attention on the surface of the iceberg .
as you can see , the boat goes against the boat , and the guy stands there .
this is the average size of a greenland iceberg .
the water is about 120 feet , or 40 feet .
and this video is also taken out .
and so , this shows you another part of a buzdağı .
thank you .
in my life , i had a bunch of wonderful projects in my life .
but the most beautiful thing is that i do this .
this is called tempt .
it was called the grafiti sanatçılarındandı in the &apos; 80s .
and one day she came home , and he said , &quot; dad , karıncalanıyor . &quot;
and this was the beginning of als .
now it &apos;s completely paralyzed .
you just move your eyes .
you can &apos;t believe it .
there &apos;s a company that makes design and animation , so obviously , it &apos;s obviously something that we admire and respect in the art world .
and so tony , we decided that we would be sponsors for his purpose , and his purpose .
and then i went to meet his father and brother , and he said , &quot; we &apos;ll give you this money .
what are you going to do with the money ? &quot;
and his brother said , &quot; i just want you to meet tony .
i just want to communicate with him and i want him to communicate with me . &quot;
and i said , &quot; wait , stephen hawking , i &apos;ve seen all the paralyzed people because of these devices ? &quot;
and , &quot; no , if not at the top level , you can actually do it very well , but you can &apos;t do it .
these devices are not the equipment people can get , &quot; he said .
and i said , &quot; well , how do you communicate ? &quot;
did everyone follow the movie &quot; butterflies and diver &quot; ?
so this is how they &apos;re kuruyorlar , they &apos;re kuruyorlar their fingers .
i said , &quot; this is too old . how can this be ? &quot;
i just came to the front of me to write a czech passport , and i wrote a check about how i was going to get it instead .
and then i promised my father and his brother , &quot; pekela , here &apos;s the deal : tony , we &apos;ll get a machine , and we &apos;ll find a way to get the art back .
because it is injustice that has everything about art , it doesn &apos;t have the ability to convey it . &quot;
so i talked about a few months later .
i met the people called grl , the graffiti research lab , and they have a laser , and they have the technology that allows them to take light on the surface , and they have the technology that allows us to record it .
so they go somewhere and they make art images like this .
so everything goes up here , and they said , there &apos;s a cycle of life .
it starts with the first sexual organs , and then it starts with words , and then bush &apos;s itiraflarıdır , and people are actually there for art .
but they always had a cycle of life .
so i went home and i was eating my wife , and on the other hand , i was going to talk about it , like , &quot; well , if we know that there &apos;s a second technology technology , why do you have a way to control it , and that would be süper ? &quot;
so our journey started .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organizations and lots of things , we managed a few things .
we took one of the machines that would allow insurance companies to block the doors of the insurance companies , and we actually got a tane machine that would allow e to communicate .
it &apos;s amazing .
and that person is one of the most komiklerinden -- i call it the yoda because you &apos;re talking to the man , you &apos;re getting a electronics post , and you &apos;re not a valuable guy . &quot; this guy is very surprising . &quot;
and what we did was we brought all of the world around the world from all over the world to our home .
my wife and my children and my children and i moved back to the back of the back , and these hackerlar and programmers and the theories and the conspiracy theories were coming home .
because we were doing this , many of our friends thought we were absolutely stupid and would be able to get back on the wall , and we would have all the paintings on the wall .
but for two weeks , we went to a , venice boardwalk , including my children , including my dog , and we created this .
it &apos;s called gözyazar , and you can see the explanation .
this is a cheap gözlük , bought this in ta beach , a little copper cable , and a little bit of material from radio shack and radio shack .
we took a camera camera , put it together to open a light , and now we have a device , and now there &apos;s a device that can do free , free free of free yourself , free of free .
and we &apos;ve certainly made a device that doesn &apos;t have any illusions .
no insurance insurance .
we don &apos;t have to say no .
now , who is paralyzed , and there &apos;s only the opportunity to çizme your eyes or communicate .
thank you .
thank you very much . that &apos;s amazing .
at the end of the two weeks , we went to tempt &apos;s room .
i love this picture , because this is the chamber and this .
and then it &apos;s an incentive to create the product .
and for a year , planning , 40 weeks of programming , the festivali festival and all night night , tony 7 , the first time again again .
and this is an amazing picture , because it &apos;s a life support system , and it looks through the support system .
we &apos;ve gone out of the boat , and you can see it .
and we built the wall outside the wall that was found in the projeksiyonu .
and for the first time , you can just imagine what &apos;s feeling in front of your family and friends , in front of your family and friends .
and what &apos;s funny is that we were forced to get out of parking parking , so we felt like we were completely legal .
and at the end of that , he sent us a mail , and this is the first time they wrote , &quot; this was the first time i was in seven years .
as i was being kept under water , and eventually someone came to me , and then it brought me up , so i would breathe . &quot;
isn &apos;t that amazing ?
this is something like our victory .
that &apos;s what we &apos;re going to keep going on and make .
and there &apos;s a lot of way about this .
this is an amazing device , but it &apos;s like a wooden wooden wood .
one has more rights .
so we &apos;re within the process of trying to figure out how to do it better , faster , powerful .
since then , we have all kinds of information .
we won many awards .
remember -- this free -- none of us have paid money .
every cost is coming out of us .
&quot; oh , this is fantastic . &quot;
armstrong , and then in december , and then in december , time magazine showed us the best 50 in the last 50 years , and it was really beautiful .
the most beautiful thing about this is called &quot; art of the streets , &quot; which is going to be in the downtown of los angeles in april of this year .
and in the exhibition of &quot; art of the streets &quot; exhibition , the streets of street art , shepard , caws -- that &apos;s all going to be there .
it &apos;s going to be olacak , that &apos;s great .
i actually want to tell you : if something impossible is impossible , do it .
everything in this room was impossible ; this was the scene , this computer , the eyewriter -- it was impossible .
kıl -- everybody in this room .
i &apos;m not a programmer , i did nothing about the visual recognition technology , but i just noticed something , and i found myself with interesting people , so we made something interesting .
and when it comes to something that needs to be done every day , that question is , if it &apos;s not , what ? and if i am , then ?
thank you everybody .
you know , i &apos;m writing for kids and probably the most popular child books in america .
and i always said that i would like to go to the front of people like a scientist .
if you were in the farmer or the farmer , i would say , well , i &apos;d like to say , well , no one has ever liked it .
i &apos;m going to talk to you today about the secrets of things and some things .
you know , we can leave the secret of something anywhere .
it &apos;s an image of a circle where we go to a block .
a friend of mine named richard bollingbroke .
so today i &apos;m going to talk to you about a complicated circle .
i was in the &apos; 60s , in a high school in ohio , in a high school in ohio .
every week , when i was in the middle of the men &apos;s tuvaletinde , i was a teacher , and i was a teacher until i was a teacher .
he saved my life by letting teachers &apos;t sleep in the room .
this is three years , for three years .
he did it .
and i had to go from that city .
there was a başparmağım , and i had 85 artists , and i went to san francisco , california -- i found myself a little bit of an aids in the &apos; 80s , and i &apos;ve heard about the need to work with aids in the &apos; 80s .
and two or three years ago , i got a phone from the teacher at the end of the night , and i said , &quot; you don &apos;t listen to you .
i &apos;m very happy to remember each other as adults .
please come in ohio , and please bring that man that i know so far .
and i should say , &quot; well , i should say that i &apos;m going to be able to do it quickly . &quot;
the next day we were in cleveland .
and we looked at it , and we found that it needed to be kalmaya , ağladık , and it needed to have it .
we found one , we took it there , and we looked at it , and we had a family , because it was necessary , because it was necessary .
it was something we knew how we could do .
and the woman who wanted to know me as a child became a kutu box , and it turned out to be me .
what happened was that the circle had turned into a circle -- and i was talking about the secret of the case , as i mentioned before .
the secret is that death is part of life .
it was my life , and i didn &apos;t understand my life .
and you know , that part of life needs what you need .
it wants truth and beauty , and i &apos;m very happy that there &apos;s a lot of talk here .
in addition , it &apos;s like love , love and happiness , and it &apos;s our job to give to others .
thank you .
the idea behind the stuxnet computer is actually quite simple .
we don &apos;t want iran to get a bomb .
the main vehicle of their nuclear weapons plant is the uranium enrichment facility .
these are gray boxes , real-time control systems .
if we &apos;re able to reduce the pace of work and control , we &apos;re going to cause many problems in our societies .
gray boxes don &apos;t use windows software ; they &apos;re completely different technology .
but if we &apos;re going to get a good windows of the engineer using this gray box , then we &apos;re going to get a good windows on the computer .
this is the scenario behind in .
so we start with a system that will reduce windows .
the main load goes to the gray box , damaging the santrifüje , and iran &apos;s nuclear program is delayed ; the mission has been completed .
that &apos;s easy , isn &apos;t it ?
and i want to tell you how to do that .
and when we started working on six months ago , that &apos;s what &apos;s going on .
the only thing that was known was that the windows were very complex , which was very complicated , and the multiple zero day was used for weak points .
and these gray boxes , like this real real-time control systems , were like to do something .
it took us our attention , and we started a lab project with ile , and we tried this thing .
and then something funny happened .
it acts like a mouse experiment , and we &apos;re not going to be able to do it , but it doesn &apos;t want food .
it didn &apos;t make sense to me .
and after experiments that are different from different kinds of experiments , i realized that this is a direct attack .
it was completely yönlendirilmiş .
it &apos;s not even a gray box , the real program that tries to spread the virüsü virüsü virus , and the ayarlama is not doing anything , and it doesn &apos;t do anything .
it took me a lot of attention , and we started working on this full-time , because i thought , we don &apos;t know what it is .
let &apos;s say that the power plant in the united states could be a chemical facility or a chemical facility in germany .
first of all , we need to find it .
we &apos;ve mapped the code code , and we &apos;ve discovered the code code and we &apos;ve discovered that it &apos;s a big , little bit of it built on two digital bombs .
and we also found that they worked very hard with all kinds of information from inside the inside .
they knew what they were looking for .
they probably knew that they didn &apos;t even have a shoe trick .
so they knew everything .
and i &apos;m going to tell you that if you think it &apos;s a mixed and high-tech product of in , i &apos;m going to tell you that the burden of labor is very karmaşıktı .
it was more difficult than anything we saw before .
you see an example of the actual attack .
we &apos;re talking about 15,000 kaynak .
it looks like a very old type of unifying language .
and i want to tell you how to make sense of this pattern .
first of all , what we &apos;re looking at is system functions , because we know what it works .
and then we looked at the yapılarına and the data structure , and we were interested in dealing with the real world -- potential real goals .
so we need teorilerine or çürütebileceğimiz targets .
in order to get teorilerini teorilerini , this should be a very heavy target , a very high profile target , and probably in iran , because it &apos;s the most likely place where you &apos;re going to be able to live .
it &apos;s a couple of thousand targets .
we were simply staying between the nuclear power plant and the natanz fuel facility .
, , &quot; bring a list of all the santrifüf and power plants to me . &quot;
and i switched them to them , and i persuaded them to bring together the code and the data that we found .
and it worked pretty well .
the little digital nuclear title is ilişkilendirebildik with control control .
the wheel is the black piece that moves in .
and if you can do that speed at the speed of play , you can see the çarkı and the end of it .
another thing we see is that the purpose of the attack was slow and bizarre , and the purpose of the care was to be a amacı .
the great digital war title -- we had a chance to look at data and data structures .
as an example , &quot; number two corresponds to this code ; it &apos;s revised .
i started with scientific literature , and i was in the yapıda , in the da , in the da , and i found how it was in the structure , and what it would be like , i looked at it .
and this is meaningful , it &apos;s a eşleşmeydi .
and then he went better .
it &apos;s about 15 regions in iran called the i̇ran .
and guess what we found in the attack ?
it &apos;s almost identical .
so this is a good one .
and that &apos;s what we &apos;re interested in .
now , if we didn &apos;t get it wrong , it didn &apos;t go .
these results came after a few years of hard work .
and mostly we had to start with the impasse .
anyway , we realized that both digital wars are the only one and the same goal , but from different angles .
the little war title was taking a kademeyi , and it turned them back to the top , and the big war title was taking six months , and it was ediyordu .
i mean , we &apos;re not going to be surprised about what the target is .
it &apos;s targeted , and it &apos;s just natanz .
so we didn &apos;t have to worry about other goals , which are possible by stuxnet .
there are some things that really affect me here .
here &apos;s the gray box , and we have it on it .
now , the introduction of what comes from this thing is to capture the verisini -- like the pressure of pressure and speed -- and to provide the code , which is still working with the fake introduction data .
and as a result , this false introduction data is being made by earlier .
so , in the movie , like hollywood filmlerindeki , the observation camera was recorded earlier with the recording camera .
that &apos;s cool , right ?
the idea here is not just to manipulate the operators in the room .
it &apos;s actually much more dangerous and aggressive .
the idea is to interfere with the digital security system .
we need digital security systems in places where human operators can get enough fast .
for example , when a power plant is speeding up in a power plant , when the steam is speeding up , you can &apos;t get rid of it .
obviously , this is not done by human beings .
so we need digital security systems .
and when they were ignored , it could be pretty bad .
it can become hale .
and the security system , or the security system , will be able to do that .
it &apos;s frightening .
but it gets worse .
and this is very important .
think about it . this is the attack .
it &apos;s not specifically about santrifüjler or uranyum .
so , as an example , it can work pretty well in a power plant or in a car factory .
this is a general thing .
and you don &apos;t have to be able to do that as a usb , and you don &apos;t have to be able to see it as a usb .
you can also use traditional worms for diffusion .
you can &apos;t wait until you die .
and if you do that , eventually you get a cybercrime weapon .
this is a result that we have to face .
so unfortunately , this kind of attacks is not the most intense in the middle east .
the united states , europe and japan .
all these green areas are rich environments .
we &apos;re going to start with the results , and we need to start with our cities .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , in many places , think that this is the real responsibility of the people .
are you thinking ?
ralph langler : okay , do you really want to hear this ?
yeah . okay .
i think it &apos;s in the work , but the force that &apos;s leading it is not israel .
the real power behind this is cybercrime .
there &apos;s only one , and this is the united states -- thank you very much .
because otherwise , we would have even bigger problems .
it &apos;s ralph ralph , who &apos;s not going to make us so much .
a last couple of years i &apos;ve spent a lot of time , and i &apos;ve spent a lot of time doing dangerous situations .
i went to jail -- a difficult situation .
i worked in a coal mine -- a dangerous situation .
i &apos;ve made it in the battlefield -- it &apos;s difficult and dangerous .
and i spent 30 days with just the honey , and it was fun , and it was a very dangerous moment , and it became very dangerous .
in fact , my only goal was to take my entire career into situations that seemed terrible , and to look at the social problems , and look at the social problems , and to put them in a way that would be accessible to the audience .
i knew that i was going to talk to you about a little bit of a different thing that i &apos;d like to do before i &apos;m going to talk about the world of branding and sponsoring .
i put a billboard on ebay a couple of weeks ago , or a few weeks ago .
i had a few facebook , and twitter message , and i gave people the opportunity to buy the name rights for tedtalks in 2011 .
well , you &apos;ve heard about it , a lucky individual or a company , or a company , or a corporate institution , or a corporate institution that &apos;s not going to be allowed to get the name right now , so that the conversation that you &apos;re going to be able to do now doesn &apos;t have a title , and it doesn &apos;t really have a topic of what &apos;s going on .
so what i &apos;ve been suggesting is , &quot; i &apos;m going to talk to you about what i &apos;m saying , &quot; i &apos;m going to talk about my ted talk , and depending on content , i can make you either a difficult situation , especially because you sponsor you . &quot;
but at the same time , it &apos;s a very good media opportunity . &quot;
you know how many people are watching these tedtalks , you know ?
it &apos;s too much .
by the way , this is the draft version of the title .
and despite these warnings , i knew someone would take the name rights .
if you asked me this one year ago , i would give you no certainty .
but in the new project that i &apos;m working on now , my new film is going to be this , we look at marketing the marketing world .
and as i said earlier , i had a little bit of terrible situations for years , but nothing , but nothing , but it &apos;s so dangerous to talk to these guys , so they &apos;re going to start interviewing these guys .
as you can see , i had a idea to make a film .
what i want to do is make a film that all of them are about , marketing , marketing and advertising , and it &apos;s a film that &apos;s totally funded by the product .
and the film is going to be the most amazing film .
and this is the one that &apos;s the most amazing film that &apos;s been sold , and all the things that are going to come from the bottom , the end of the brand , will be the sponsordan of the brand that you will see in the movie .
now this brand can be the marka stadium or the center center .
these people are permanently married in the movie -- forever forever .
and so the idea to cover the whole thing is -- michael kassan : this is unnecessary . what &apos;s that unnecessary ? always , forever ?
i &apos;m an unnecessary one .
i just wanted to emphasize that .
it was , &quot; always . forever . &quot;
but only the x brand sponsored the markasını , and i was in the movie all the time in the movie .
so maybe a shoe is going to be a shoe , and it &apos;s going to be the most wonderful shoe to be shoe .
or the most amazing car that you can see , &quot; the most spectacular movie &quot; , is the contribution of the içtiğiniz , which is the most spectacular wine .
so the idea is , besides showing that the brands are part of their lives , how do they finance their movie ?
and it &apos;s actually how all these things are done .
the purpose of this film is transparency .
you &apos;ll see the whole process going on in this movie .
so this is the end of the entire film .
and i &apos;m going to be very happy that nin helped happen .
you know , this is actually weird , because when i first heard it , this is actually the most superior show of honor for a viewer .
i don &apos;t know how much people are going to be .
do you have the point of view ? -- i don &apos;t want to use the word angle because you have a negative reaction -- but you know how it &apos;s going to happen ?
how much money is needed for this ?
1.5 million dollars 1.5 million dollars
i think i &apos;m going to meet with them at the meeting , but still , a few big , known brands .
who knows , maybe when it comes out of it , it &apos;s like , we &apos;re not going to talk about it as absurd as we speak .
how do you think the answers to this are going to be ?
the answers will be &quot; no &quot; .
but do you think that sales , because of the film , is a difficult sales ?
jk : both .
that &apos;s not a positive thing .
so , sir , can you help me ? i need help .
i can help you .
okay .
fantastic .
you know what brands are going to be .
yes .
we &apos;re looking at the people that you &apos;re talking about .
there are some places we can go .
close the camera .
i thought , &quot; close the camera , &quot; i thought , &quot; close the camera . &quot;
actually , we don &apos;t really want to be really interested in what we do .
and as it was here , each other , all these companies suddenly disappeared .
none of them wanted to do something about this film .
i was surprised .
they didn &apos;t want to do anything about this project .
i was in the hayretler , because , in my mind , the most important idea was to put the product in front of the most possible person , the most possible person .
is it not that the new media , especially in today &apos;s world in the modern media , and the main idea of the media in the world of media , is not to get the message of new distribution , which is to be able to get messages to communities ?
no , that &apos;s just me .
but the problem was , as you can see , there was a deadly mistake , and the mistake was .
no , it wasn &apos;t that mistake or whatever .
there would be no problem .
it wouldn &apos;t be a problem .
but the problem was that this image was represented .
so , if you do a visual search for transparency on google , this is one of the first bulunan .
yes , this is the şeklini of the işi , sergey brin ! no .
this is the problem : transparency ... transparency -- the fact that we can easily notice -- and the reason is that you can easily change -- c : it &apos;s easy , and that &apos;s the last line , and it &apos;s probably the biggest problem , and it &apos;s probably the biggest problem .
you know , we &apos;ve heard a lot about transparency lately .
he tells her , his head tells him , he &apos;s telling him , even he &apos;s telling him .
but when it comes to reality , something changes suddenly .
but why ? in fact , transparency is like the bear bear bear bear .
it &apos;s unpredictable . it &apos;s like this strange kır path .
and it &apos;s also very risklidir .
what else are you going to do ?
eat a big bowl of champagne !
that &apos;s risky !
and when i start talking to companies , and we want to tell them this story , and they say , &quot; no , we want you to write a story .
yes , we want you to write a story , but we just want us to be able to do it . &quot;
so , when i was a kid , my dad was telling me some kind of lie -- here &apos;s what he said , and he said , &quot; my son , there are three types of storytelling .
the story of you is the story i tell , and it &apos;s the real story . &quot;
so we wanted to tell the story about this film .
but it &apos;s only one company that wants to help me , and the only reason is that john bond and richard kirshenbaum have been on the run for a long time -- i realized that i had to move to my own , and i would be able to go directly to companies that were directly connected to corporations .
so when i suddenly started to understand that , or when i started to understand -- and i started to understand -- i saw that when we started talks with these companies , the problem was the problem .
i have my friends , who make big hollywood movies , and i have a little bit of bütçeli films that make it .
and my friends , who make big hollywood movies , say that their movies are the reason that they &apos;re very successful .
and my friends who made little bütçeli film , they said , &quot; well , then we can , how can we compete with big hollywood films ? &quot;
and the film will be the most spectacular film .
so how do we see ban in the movie ?
when you get out of the house , when you &apos;re going to go out , you &apos;re going to see when you &apos;re sleeping , you &apos;ll see ban .
and when i met someone , i could say , &quot; are you too vivid for this meeting ?
are you ready ? it &apos;s a little bit uncomfortable .
i want to help you .
maybe i &apos;m a little bit tired before the meeting . &quot;
and i &apos;m going to see one of these amazing adventures .
it could be &quot; floral fusion &quot; or &quot; winds winds , &quot; they all lost their chances .
and you can &apos;t use the suggestions for men and women ; they &apos;re rigid , or çubuk , or çubuk .
so we go to the end of two cents .
now you have no choice , and you &apos;re going to go to a tura tour .
we were smaller .
as you just talk about , we are competing in the big markalarla competition .
so we don &apos;t have any choice that other brands have .
and to do something like this -- as you &apos;re going to get to think about ban -- that &apos;s what we &apos;re interested in .
what words do you use to define ban ?
that &apos;s ban .
this is a wonderful question .
. technology .
you don &apos;t want to see what people have to do with their seats .
we &apos;re going to be brave and alive .
i think it &apos;s a very good word , which i think is &quot; live , &quot; which is a very good word that makes a positive turn .
it keeps you alive .
it keeps you alive for a long time ; better life , more lives , three times more live .
things like this make a message to get more positive benefits .
and this is a company that we &apos;re talking about .
so what about me ? anybody would do it ?
and i went out to the streets and met people , like me , ordinary people .
they &apos;re going to do something about brand .
how do you get your own experience ?
boy : hım , is it your own ?
i don &apos;t know .
i really like the beautiful clothes .
in the back of the &apos; 80s , the combination of skaters &apos; combined punk is if it &apos;s not a washing day .
so , what is the brand , the brand ?
it &apos;s unique .
i think it &apos;s my tarzım , stilim dark .
i love a lot of black colors , lots of griler and things like that .
but usually , we have the solar eyes or the crystals and the crystals and i love them .
if you had a brand from dan , there would be a classic mercedes benz that was opened .
&quot; the brand i am , i &apos;m comfortable , comfortable .
girl 2 : one piece of hippie , a piece of yogi , a piece of brooklyn woman -- i don &apos;t know .
3 : i &apos;m a pets .
we &apos;re going to sell pet animal toys to the whole country and the world .
so i think that &apos;s my story .
my little çarpık , this is my markam .
4 : i &apos;m the fedex , because i promise good things .
it &apos;s the markası brand .
does this brand be a brand ?
lawyer : i &apos;m a lawyer .
i &apos;m tom .
all right , we &apos;re not all tom brand , but i don &apos;t see myself uncommon , but i &apos;m not going to be comfortable and comfortable .
and so i realized i needed a experts .
i needed someone who would be in my head , and i needed someone who would help me understand what was called &quot; brand personality . &quot;
and so i found a company in da where i found a company .
this company was helping companies , including febreze , febreze , hallmark , to help companies with their brand brand .
if they were for them , they certainly could do this for me .
fotoğraflarınızı getirdiniz , right ?
yeah . first photograph is a picture of my family .
so i &apos;m going to tell you how to relate to who you are and how you are .
they &apos;re people who have shaped the world .
i &apos;m a little bit tired of this world .
is this from the world ? i think it &apos;s the world that you live in -- and people you are . you , your friends , your family , your family , your life .
all of these things came together , and it started , and for me , these things and my family grew up in western virginia , and it started .
what &apos;s the next thing you want to talk about ?
the next thing : this is the best day i &apos;ve ever experienced in my life .
how does it relate to your thoughts and your thoughts ?
that &apos;s what i want to be .
i love things that are different .
i love things that are weird . i like things strange .
i told me , &quot; why don &apos;t you care about it ? &quot;
what is your name ? what kind of pupa do you know ?
why is it important to start the computer again ? red represents what ?
tell me a few things about this part .
can you give a little bit of information about the person ?
what else are you facing ?
the fear is not necessarily imperative . what is the speed of speed now ?
eeeeee ! no , i thank you .
thank you for your attention .
yes . okay .
yes , i don &apos;t know what it will happen as a result .
and there were very crazy things inside there .
the first thing that we realized was that the brand was two different , two different sides , but morgan spurlock brand was a düşünceli / fun brand .
these are very uyumlular side .
and that &apos;s why they make a paradox .
i think most companies will focus on two different aspects instead of focusing on one .
most of the companies -- they &apos;re not sure that the human nature is a part of the human nature , and they &apos;re not afraid of things like you , but you &apos;re not going to be able to see them , and it &apos;s a nice thing to see , and it &apos;s a nice thing to see .
what other brands do they look like ?
the first example is the apple , which is klasikleşen .
here you can also see yi , wii , mini coopers , and you can see yu .
we talk about entertainment brands and thoughtful brands , and all of this is a very powerful , thoughtful , thoughtful brand .
fun , a wise brand . what &apos;s your reaction ?
if someone was able to tell you about the identity of their identity , the answer to the markanızın , what would it be ?
are you alive ? do you have a person who &apos;s not going to be surprised by the people ?
or is there a more calm approach ?
are you going to be a little bit more calm , you can &apos;t be conservative ?
it &apos;s fun to be fun or courageous , like being fun , to be alive , to be alive , to be alive , to be alive , to be olmak , to be olmak or gizemli , to be olmak or mysterious .
or do you have a more calm mood ?
is it a wise , wise , wise ?
would you like it , like oprah , in traditional , anaç , korumacı empathy ?
would you be honest , balanced , derin , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep , deep thoughts ?
in the process of this film , we talked about 500 companies . some of these were alive , some of them had a more calm , and they said , &quot; no , no , no . &quot;
they didn &apos;t want to do anything about this project , and they couldn &apos;t control the main reason for this .
but we found that it &apos;s 17 companies who are willing to stop that control , like me , and to tell us the stories that are ultimately going to give us the stories to tell us , &quot; we &apos;ve found the stories that are going to give us a little bit of power . &quot; these stories are a reklamcının .
the ads and at the same time have made it easier to tell the story of the mri centers in the brain where the brain movies are used to tell the story of arzu centers .
we went to san paulo , where the outer space was banned .
in the last five years , we have a billboard , no poster , no poster , no hand . nothing .
we went to schools where companies in america are working today with money .
so what &apos;s amazing for me is that i &apos;ve been able to get back to the most , or the projects that i &apos;ve been able to get back to the most successful .
and these companies .
they removed the suppliers , they removed their ajanslarını , and they said , &quot; maybe they don &apos;t think of the best for me . &quot;
i &apos;m not directly involved .
it &apos;s something that &apos;s going to make people think differently , and we &apos;re going to take a look at this world .
so how did this approach yield results ? successful ?
now , our films are now being shown at the film festival , which is the göz film festival .
according to e , the film was held in january , and since then -- and that &apos;s only a small part of the whole thing -- we got 900 million media outlets about film .
that means that it &apos;s all about two and a half weeks of that word .
these are just the data in digital space -- not print or tv .
the distribution of the film is even more likely .
the film is not published on the digital surround . it &apos;s not a broadcast .
and yet it &apos;s not even foreign countries .
so as a result , this film already started gaining momentum .
and it &apos;s not a bad project , it &apos;s almost all the ads that we &apos;re talking about , and it &apos;s almost all the ads that we &apos;re talking about .
there &apos;s something that i always believe . that &apos;s what it is , if you take the risk , if you take the risk , it will be able to create opportunities .
i believe that if you &apos;re not going to get people out of this , you &apos;re actually going to get people wrong .
i believe that i &apos;m not going to be able to live in the way that i &apos;m not going to be able to live , so i &apos;m actually going to make all the company ödüllerle .
what i felt was that the thing that was needed to move forward was to take people to risk risks .
we &apos;re going to get people out of the opportunity that they don &apos;t know .
ultimately , if we continue , i think we can &apos;t fear fear .
so we need to put it in the kafese .
you can &apos;t fear fear . you risk the risk .
each time they take the risk , they risk risk .
and finally , we have to get transparency .
today , it will have a little bit of intimacy , as never before .
and as a result , with intimacy and transparency , all this talk was presented by my friends in deki , who bought the name of ebay to the good friends in deki , who bought their rights .
the big data is turning great opportunities to all organizations worldwide .
he presents &quot; transparency to transparency &quot; .
thank you very much .
juna cohen : okay , morgan , i &apos;m going to ask you , what is this $ $ ?
this is a wonderful question .
at the moment , the organization of the ted organization is a çek , and there is a czech franc for the next year to join the ted foundation .
this is a representation of the brain . and you can put your brain in two parts .
the left side is the right side of it .
and if we do a ölçeklendirme to measure the ability of every calorie , we can actually map a graph of our brain .
for example , this will be a totally mantığına person .
this will be a completely sezgilerine person .
so where do you want to put your brain in this scale ?
for some of us , this may be an extreme comment , but i think it &apos;s so much for the audience , your brain looks like this -- it &apos;s a very high talent at the same time .
it &apos;s kind of çalışmazlar in a way that supports loblar .
you can be rational and intuitive .
and then i thought of myself as one of the other experimental quantum physics that was very good and that these complex ideas would put together together .
but at the same time , we need a good chance to study the experiment .
how can we develop this sezgiyi ? we love to play with something .
so we look at it with it , and then we look at how it works . so it evolves .
you really do the same thing .
and it &apos;s a little bit of a time that i &apos;ve been a little sezgi for a while .
what i &apos;m trying to tell you is that something that &apos;s going to happen in two different places at the same time may be absurd , but that &apos;s what you &apos;re doing .
i remember a kid who was walking over the car obstacle .
it was a bebekti , and it wasn &apos;t good about it , it was out of it .
but if you don &apos;t believe it , play with it , it really gave it a really important lesson to play , and it would not allow him to be able to travel as a whole .
this is a great conceptual model for the world , of course , if you &apos;re not a particle particle .
this is a terrible model for particle particle , because they play strange little particles with little particles , and they &apos;re going to drive through car barriers .
and when you play with particles , they actually find all sorts of weird things -- the walls can go through the walls or the same at the same time .
and then , when they read all these observations , they call it quantum mechanics theory .
a few years ago , this was where physics was about -- you needed quantum mechanics to define small , tiny particles .
but there was no need to define the big , everyday objects around us .
and that &apos;s really what i &apos;m going to do with my work , maybe with particles .
sometimes i play , but not very often .
and i never saw them .
no one has ever seen a particle .
but that &apos;s what makes sense .
because if everything is small , and the quantum mechanics for all small particles , then why don &apos;t you have quantum mechanics in everything ?
i don &apos;t see any reason why i don &apos;t .
and if we make a sense of our everyday life in a way that applies to quantum mechanics , i can make myself better .
so a few years ago , i just went to do this .
and i did one .
this is the first time that you can see that it applies to mechanical quantum mechanics .
what we &apos;re looking at here is a little computer chip .
you can look at this green dot .
i &apos;m going to talk about this piece of metal over the next minutes .
this is a picture of a cismin .
let &apos;s look at the center , look at the center .
and we &apos;re going to see this little piece of metal , very closely .
now , what are we looking at in this little piece of metal ? it looks like a tramplene .
so i &apos;ve done this in a way that almost a computer is done .
i went into a new silicon circuit , and i went into a clean room for about 100 hours , like all of the big lights in the büyük .
in the last stage , i had to do my own makinemi to create a hole in the form of the device .
this device is enough , but it still needs a little help .
it &apos;s an example that looks like this .
you know , it &apos;s a crowded elevator .
i can do all kinds of bizarre movements when i &apos;m in the elevator , but when other people can &apos;t get rid of the elevator , i don &apos;t want to do these strange things , because i don &apos;t want to bother , or i don &apos;t want to get them out .
the quantum mechanics is predicting the same pattern as the invisible objects .
it &apos;s not just people who are misafirler for invisible objects , but also the light that shines on , the temperature of the room , the temperature of the room .
and we know that if we want to see this piece of metal in quantum mechanics , we have to recognize all of our senses .
that &apos;s what we do .
we &apos;ve shut down , and we put the whole air out of the air , and then we put it in a very close minimum of zero zero .
now , as you can see , the small piece of metal wants to act as a little bit of metal .
and then we observe the movement .
we found the garip in some strange ways .
it &apos;s sitting on the ground , it &apos;s titriyordu . it &apos;s like breathing , it &apos;s like breathing -- it &apos;s expanding and it &apos;s quiet .
and by giving him a little push force , we made it the same thing that he could make waves , and it &apos;s not just the way that quantum mechanics can allow me to do it .
i &apos;m telling you something really wonderful here .
so what does it mean at the same time , and what does it mean ?
let &apos;s think about atoms .
örneğimizde : all of the atoms that make a little piece of metal , they all stand up and they &apos;re also moving up and down .
we &apos;re not just going to use it for a moment .
the rest of the time is not clear .
every atom is in two different places at the same time , that means that the small piece of metal is located in two different places .
i think that &apos;s really cool .
really .
it &apos;s a clean room for all of these years , and look at this , because the distance between one atom and a little piece of metal is almost the same distance as the distance between you and the distance .
if one atom is in different places at the same time , these little metal parçasıda can be found in two different places , so why not ?
it &apos;s just the sound of the sound .
imagine if it &apos;s going to happen at the same time , and how would it happen ?
how do you change your body that doesn &apos;t exist in space ?
there &apos;s another part of the story .
when we open the lights , we see that we &apos;re still there , when we &apos;re looking inside the box , we &apos;re still there .
and so i had to develop this new paradigm , all the objects inside the elevator look like a little bit like quantum particles .
you &apos;ve heard a lot of talk about how quantum mechanics are connected .
well , it &apos;s not true .
we have more and more of it .
these connections , all of you with everything around you , define who you are . and that &apos;s very deep in quantum mechanics .
thank you .
i decided that in 2007 i had to repeat my talk about economic development .
our new goal should be to ensure that every family can live and work on where they want to live , to be able to choose between a handful of different cities , at least a handful of different urban cities .
now we &apos;re very far from this amaçtan .
there are billions of people in developing countries , and there &apos;s not even a single city ready to open their doors .
but the amazing thing about cities is that it &apos;s much more than the ability to build them .
so , you know , there are hundreds of new cities , maybe hundreds of new cities .
if i don &apos;t talk about new cities , that sounds absurd to you .
but instead of apartmanların cities .
suppose there &apos;s a circle of people who want to live in the audience -- there &apos;s no other half .
you can try to expand the capacity to increase the capacity of all of our current assets .
but when you get to a situation , you have the rules and the kurallara that surround them , and they have rules that are going to reduce the intensity of anxiety and attention .
so it &apos;s very difficult to do all that stuff .
but if you can go to a new place , you can build a whole new apartment , you can build rules that allow us to build rules that allow us to build rules .
and i offered that the states are not going to be able to create new major reforms as big as cities , and i gave them a name : the pilot cities .
and then , according to the öğrendiğime , javier and octavio were thinking about the challenges of reform in honduras .
they knew about about 200,000 years to go to the u.s. every year , and they wanted to ask them to do the same thing , to ask them to do the same things in honduras .
in one place , javier said , &quot; i &apos;m going to take a part of your blank blank , and if you &apos;re a elçiliğe , you &apos;ll get a little bit of it , and then if you want to go to canada &apos;s laws or the laws of the u.s. , how do you get there ? &quot;
in the summer of 2009 , honduras faced a constitutional crisis .
in the next regular election , pepe lobo reform , but also a compromise in a compromise .
he asked him to become the chief of general staff .
at the time , i was trying to give a talk at tedglobal .
so , the process of corrections , trial and error , as a result of a lot of user testing , i tried to create the concept of this complex pilot .
the first point is the rules of rules , and you can &apos;t come up with all the current apartments , like those of those rules .
we are very careful about new technologies , but it requires technology and rules , and usually the kurallardır that keeps us behind .
in the fall of 2010 , a friend of mine from guatemala sent a link to tedtalk .
he gave him this .
they called me .
they said , &quot; we can &apos;t trust the leaders of our country . &quot;
so in december , i was sitting in a hotel conference in miami .
i tried to explain how much more valuable the cities are worth .
and i used a slide that shows how valuable it is in the new york city like new york city : notice that there are thousands of dollars in some cases .
but it was quite abstract , and there was a silence for a moment , and he said , &quot; paul , maybe i &apos;m going to talk about ted . &quot;
so the ted talk explained that the very simple idea was that the pilot was going to be able to live in an empty space , and then the rules and then the rules that people would be able to live under the rules and make a chance to live under the rules .
we need this project , which is important to the president of honduras , which says it is important for our country .
i was asked to come to ya and i was asked to speak again in the fourth of january .
and i gave a different talk that &apos;s filled with a slide like this , and i tried to say , &quot; if you want to give a city very value to a city , it should be very big .
this is a picture of ın , and it &apos;s a new airport built in da .
this airport alone covers more space than 100 .
i was trying to convince you that if you build a new city , at least 1,000 square meters of space .
this is more than 250 yüz .
everybody listened to it .
the faces of the audience are very ciddiydi and everybody is careful .
congress leader came to the stage , and he said , &quot; thank you very much for your talk , but maybe you can &apos;t talk about ted .
here we have bilgisayarımda . &quot;
and i sat down and they were the ted talk .
and it turns out , a new city can offer new options for people .
in the north , it would have had an option to be transported to a city in honduras , rather than hundreds of kilometers away .
and there were new options for leaders .
because the state leaders in honduras need the help of the common countries , and they are from partner countries that help us identify the rules and the rules in practice , so everyone can really feel that they can &apos;t really understand .
it was also important for many of the different parties in honduras that have been thinking about the way that president lobo &apos;s concept can come from foreign investors and build the city as a way to build the city and build the city .
we went to a space and looked at it .
this picture was taken there .
there may be a thousand square kilometers of space .
and shortly after , on january 19th , they voted in the convention to change the constitution , which allowed private development zones to have a legal code .
at the recent time , the number of those who voted in a country in a country passed through the crisis would not be able to join the constitutional changes .
all parties supported it .
in order to be part of the constitution , we actually need to double two times .
on february 17th , they repeated a vote by a vote .
immediately after that vote , between 21 and 24 , a group of nearly 30 people gathered in the world &apos;s two most willing places to enter the city &apos;s city construction business .
one is south korea .
this is the picture of the new , big city built in south korea , the official city of boston .
everything you see here , four years after they spent their permits , again was built four years .
the other area that is very eager to build the city is singapore .
china actually has built two cities , and they &apos;re ready for third .
so if you think about it systematically , this is where we are .
they have a space ; they &apos;ve already started to think about using this space for the second city .
they have a law that allows managers to come to come , and they are replacing an external legal system .
a country has already volunteered its own supreme court to be the last appellate court for the new legal system there .
we have designers and designers who are very eager .
they can &apos;t even invest a little bit with them .
but there &apos;s already something that you know that there are a lot of takers .
there are a lot of companies in the u.s. region who want to take part in a particularly free trade space , and there are many people who want to go there .
there are 700 million people around the world who say they want to go somewhere right now .
we &apos;ve got a million people a year from latin america to go to the u.s.
most of them are a father who left her family behind his family to get a job , sometimes enough money to buy food or clothing .
unfortunately , what kind of idea is it for the kids who have been working for the last decade in some cases , who are trying to build a new city in honduras ?
or what about building dozens of microbes around the world ?
what kind of idea is it for each family to have a few options for attracting new people ?
this is an idea worth spreading .
and my colleagues asked you to thank you , ted .
