what do you think you &apos;re better than you are ?
i mean , i wanted to say , you might have a better memory with a couple of changes , you could have more perfect memory and faster and faster .
maybe you want to be more flexible , or more powerful .
would you want to be more attractive and more attractive to yourself ?
what about a longer healthy life ?
maybe we &apos;re not going to be able to create more creativity .
what would you want ?
you just put one of them , you know what ?
audience : creativity
how many of you think about creativity ?
raise your elleriniz .
there &apos;s only one . there &apos;s probably creative people here .
this is very good .
how many of you think about it ?
a little bit more .
so what do you do ?
a little less .
what are you going to say ?
majority . as a doctor , he did well .
if you had one of them , the world would have been very different .
is this just a dream ?
or is it possible ?
evolution has been a subject , but i want to give you a look at ted &apos;s perspective here today at ted .
a major 20th century ago , 20. yüzyıl , also wrote in the russian orthodox church , &quot; nothing in terms of evolution in biology , except in terms of evolution . &quot;
if you accept the evidence for evolution , if you &apos;re a good time for hearing this hearing , i allow you to communicate with your brain , and maybe you &apos;re going to tell you something that &apos;s not going to be wrong at the end of this talk , as you &apos;re going to tell you .
but if you accept biological evolution , think about it : is it just about the past ? or the future ?
can we apply to others ? or can we apply to us ?
this is another view of life .
in this picture , i put all the branches in the middle of the center because if you look at the tree of life , in the middle of the tree , in the middle of the tree , you can see each other , in a evolutionary way , and live in a evolutionary environment .
this is a part of the tree , of course , of course , that we &apos;re most interested in human beings .
we &apos;re coming from a partner , about a million years ago , from modern chimpanzees .
in this process , maybe it &apos;s made up of different kinds of humans .
some of them came from the gitmiştir .
we &apos;ve been here for about a year .
life can look a little bit like the other parts of life , but in fact , for a large part , the system of cells is pretty simple .
are you aware that a widespread bacteria can take advantage of the bacteria and then use it to treat sugar in order to treat sugar ?
this is not the human genome , but it &apos;s the same protein , which is not exactly the same as chemical protein .
are you aware of the bacteria that we &apos;re talking about in the rest of our bodies , that we &apos;re not going to be able to make more bacteria ?
maybe 10 times more .
think of it as antonio , could the bacteria come to mind if they didn &apos;t care about it ?
it &apos;s a perfect environment for bacteria to do it .
hot , dark and dark . cool .
and they didn &apos;t make any effort , and they would give them all their food .
it &apos;s a great life for bacteria , but it &apos;s very important for bacteria to be able to live on the other side .
bacteria are helping the main bacteria grow up , and they can help you against some diseases .
but what will happen in the future ?
are we in a kind of evolutionary balance ?
or is it possible to be a different species , maybe to adapt to the environment better ?
let &apos;s take a look at the past , a billion years ago , the big bang explosion , the solar system and the world &apos;s solar system , four and a half billion years ago , the first genome of life in the world , the first half a million years ago , or a hundred million years ago , is the first human organisms that came out of life .
and there &apos;s a little bit of a little bit of life that &apos;s not going on in this massive universe , but there &apos;s a little bit of a little bit of human being , and a little bit of a note .
it &apos;s also the talk of this talk .
i hope that human beings that make some fun .
the first one in college was biology .
i was in love with the beauty of biology and evolution , and i realized that there was a very important thing in the face of evolution , and i realized that every single cell , the cell , basically , the genetic energy of the cell , and the whole cell , that cell , is going into these cells .
but when we get to organisms , things start to change .
it comes in , and it comes into the nest .
and then the rest of our bodies are coming back to our bodies outside our bodies .
in fact , you can tell you that they &apos;re entering the evolution of death along the evolutionary way .
i &apos;ve got to admit , i thought , &quot; death / death , &quot; i thought , &quot; well , it was time for me to die , but it was getting more and over the years .
i came up with a performance of george burns &apos;s george burns , who was showing his performance in los angeles .
one night , the door to the door .
when he opens door , he opens the door .
he sees beautiful faces .
she &apos;s looking at her and says , &quot; i &apos;m here for sex . &quot;
george says , &quot; i can get a good bread , can i get it . &quot;
i was working as a doctor , and it wasn &apos;t completely different from the evolution of evolution .
i was trying to protect the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to improve disease diseases .
i wanted to be healthy and healthy .
evolution is about the generation of evolution to adapt to generation generations and survive .
from a evolutionary perspective , and i &apos;m going to go to the moon to design the next genetic burden , and we &apos;re going to fall into the sea .
i think we all know that the way our lives are announced by percent . &quot;
i want you to be başarmayı . &quot;
evolution is the most long term .
and the biggest of all , or the biggest of all , is that you &apos;re not even going to be able to go to the best , or the worst of you .
we &apos;re going to be able to adapt to the best living environment in evolution .
it &apos;s the only example of survival and survival .
when we look at the environment of the ocean in which bacteria that live under the ocean , we know what the environment is appropriate to them in the past , and when we look at the next step , i can tell you that there &apos;s a lot of possibilities for the next human being , especially when we think about the next human being .
first of all , we reached a kind of balance , and we came to balance .
now human evolution will stop .
and the reason for this is that we managed to protect a lot of drugs , and we managed to protect these genes as well as the genes that we &apos;ve got to be elected to , and we &apos;ve been able to change the environment by the way that evolution needs us , by the way we &apos;ve got to connect to each other .
the second possibility is that natural evolution is designed by nature &apos;s forces .
the debate here is that the process is very heavy .
as long as the process is put forward , there will be changes in the environment and environmental evolution , natural evolution , which is going to happen as long as planets .
but there &apos;s a third possibility , which is a possibility that makes it all the time , is a possibility that is afraid and scared .
the evolution of evolution is a way that we call evolution , which is a way that nature is not just new species of nature , and that we &apos;ve chosen as individuals that are not nature .
how did this happen ?
how did it make it possible ?
if we think about it today , some people can choose about their children .
in some cultures , parents choose to have children with children .
not an opportunity for society , but the families and families are doing so .
imagine if you had a simple choice of gender , you would have to do genetic changes that will improve the disease or protect your body from diseases .
will it destroy sugar and alzheimer &apos;s disease , reduce the risk of cancer , reduce the risk of cancer ?
did you want to make these değişikleri ?
if we look at the future , these kinds of elections are becoming increasingly likely .
the human genome project started in 1990 and lasted three years .
we &apos;re going to get it to 50 billion dollars .
after a year after the end of 2004 , you could do the same job in the same month of $ 20m .
today , you can get 20,000 dollars in your genome , and within a week .
it &apos;s going to be worth 1,000 dollars , and it &apos;s possible to have a gene map where everybody can reach .
a week ago , the national engineering academy launched an independent techniques that developed the functioning of natural evolution in natural selection of the engineering academy , and francis arnold , who also called the &quot; evolution &apos;s desire for a more effective study of proteins &quot; .
a few years ago , a scientist , shinya yetişkin ödülü , was able to change the gene of an adult cell to change the gene of four cells , and change the way that the cells make it possible .
we can do our ability to protect our human beings , not only to give them the immune against them , but also to the immune system .
you don &apos;t believe that it &apos;s going to try to develop a vaccine that &apos;s growing in the tobacco cells , in the tobacco cells .
can you imagine a good thing you can get out of it ?
these are today facts and the future will be more possible .
two little changes are the cells of your body .
imagine , but what if you &apos;re going to put the cells into your cells ?
or even if you have a chance to change and change your behavior , or change your child &apos;s disease , and you have a chance to change your child &apos;s health risk of having a healthy life , and you can reduce the risk of cancer .
who does not want a more healthy child ?
and then we can get a better memory , even though the same cognitive technology is possible for us to protect the same diseases of the same system .
why do you have the ability to create a new machine , especially if you have a new yeni machine , which will allow watson to move faster and faster ?
why are we going to get longer ?
these are going to be the ones that they &apos;re going to be against .
and the future will be that we &apos;re going to have turned to the evolution of our old evolution , which we have given these features to the generation that we get from the generation to the generation .
the process that would normally require 100,000 years , maybe 1,000 years to 100 years , or maybe they would have 100 options .
are we going to use these options better to make the community better ? better , more successful .
or are we going to make the different properties that we just want for some of us to make the society more boring or more sophisticated , stronger ?
they have to face questions that we have to face .
and seriously , can we be able to make the wisdom of wisdom that will make these elections smart ?
it &apos;s going to be better for better or worse , and it &apos;s going to be close to us .
thank you .
now , i want you to imagine if you &apos;re going to be able to stand up and stand up and stand up and stand up and stand up .
we call them the robot in cambridge .
these are actually going to help you get extra support on the morning , and you will help you get your support , and in fact , in the sense that the machine will help you , in the real world , and in the way , actually , is human .
it &apos;s not only about it , but it &apos;s something you can do with the world and the other devices that you have with them .
it &apos;s not just a product of imagination .
it turns out that the average american soldiers who carry this thing to you about 100 times are asked to take over and start talking about more than the average american soldiers , which is why , 30 percent of them are important -- they give you 30 percent .
so we thought we should take this issue and help solve this problem .
i &apos;m going to take you now with your &quot; comprehensive burden on people , &quot; which means you &apos;re going to deal with people .
soldier : i was able to spend several hours on the charge of 200 pounds on our dış-iskeleti .
they allow flexible design , flexible , çökme and hareketlere movements .
what i want to do is , where i want to go where i want to go , and it increases the power and the speed .
we &apos;re ready to get this device together with our industry partner , so we &apos;re ready to drive this new year .
so , as you can see , this is a real event .
now let &apos;s see a little bit of a lot of other things that really excited me .
it is estimated that there are 68 million people connected to the world &apos;s life .
this is about one percent of the population .
it &apos;s actually an optimistic estimate .
here we are talking about young people who have lived in the spring of their lives in the spring , 30 , 30 , 40 of the 40 , the tek , and the only one chair in the wall .
but the old population is growing .
and it &apos;s a tek or another option , and it &apos;s mostly a tekerlekli .
and this is something that has been really successful since the last 500 years .
so we thought we should have a new page on the ability to move .
now , 19 years ago , i &apos;d like to introduce you to you that , which is the result of this , which has been , since then , since then -- i want to promote the e-bacaklar &apos;s system that i &apos;ve been playing with my mother .
thank you .
you can see the takımımızı on the e-bacaklar .
there &apos;s the sensors .
it doesn &apos;t give the signal to the body of the system , which sends signals to the çanta unit , which is sending signals to the çanta .
there &apos;s also a batarya box that &apos;s operating on the eklemleri and the eklemleri , which allows him to move easily and natural .
when i was a ski discipline , i was a terrible result of a ski accident , when i was 24 years old , and i was 24 years old .
now i began to get rid of my head .
soon after that , a doctor arrived in the hospital , and she came to me , and she said , &quot; unfortunately , i &apos;m going to have another doctor . &quot;
this was back 19 years ago .
at that moment , the whole doctor was able to do it .
since then , because of technology , i &apos;ve learned to do it again , and i &apos;ve learned to drive rocks , and i &apos;ve even learned to drive rocks .
but nothing that can be invented in my lab , until now .
thank you .
we have technology like you can see , we have platforms to sit with you and sit with you .
everything we have . we have the potential to change the lives of generations of the future , and it &apos;s not just the military of soldiers here , but everybody &apos;s life .
thank you .
in new york , the purpose of developing a company called robin , called robin .
in poverty , he was a volunteer officer at a fire fire unit , and he was appointed as a guard .
right now , you &apos;re going to have to go very much before you have to intervene in the field of fire , as a highly talented volunteers .
i remember my first i̇lk .
i had a second chance to get involved in the event , so i had a high chance to get involved .
but there was a huge challenge between the other volunteers , to wait for the mission to be volunteers , and to understand what &apos;s happening .
he was speaking at a very calm level with house owner , and he spent the worst day in his life .
in the middle of the night , in the middle of the night , the rain was standing under the rain , under the rain , with the şemsiyenin , the alevler , the alevler , the alevler house .
the other volunteers who took me immediately before the incident came from me -- let &apos;s call it a volunteer , and before i was asked to go to the house , and i was asked to go in and get the dog &apos;s dog .
it &apos;s a dog ! it &apos;s kalakaldım .
and the lawyer who runs there or the rest of his life , was able to go back to the building and save people living in a building and save me five seconds .
i came in .
he urged me .
he said , &quot; i want you to go home .
i &apos;m going to go up , and i want you to put the fires up , and i want a pair of shoes to this woman . &quot;
thank you .
i mean , it wasn &apos;t what i was hoping , but i went to the end of the corridor , and i went to the door , and i went to the &quot; the alevleri , &quot; and i came to take a pair of shoes to the middle .
i know what you &apos;re thinking , but i &apos;m not a hero .
i cut the burden of the görevimin , where i met , where i met , and the front dog that i met was valuable .
we took our home owners , natural , more attention than me .
a few weeks later , the section got a letter from the house , and he received a letter from his host , and he thanked us for failing to put his home home .
and he had a nice note on the other things : somebody even gave him their shoes .
i was also a volunteer officer at camp butmir , and i witnessed a huge scale on the scale , but i also witnessed my personal and personal experience .
and you know what i learned ?
they &apos;re all important .
i can &apos;t wait to see if you &apos;re looking at people who have a big success in this room , or look at it , or look at it , i can &apos;t wait for you .
don &apos;t expect someone to win the first time in their life to change .
if you have a birşeyiniz , now give it .
take food in your home , a temizleyin park .
take a human mind .
every day , one person &apos;s chance to save lives , but it gives us a chance to influence us every day .
so when you go to action , save the shoes .
thank you .
mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i came from a community of the new human secret .
this is a place where women are competing to show themselves , hello , the sexual rules of that day are serious and fun .
oh , this is a place called bu man or san francisco .
you &apos;re going to be surprised , and you &apos;re going to make you laugh .
this is the şempanzelerinin world in the congo forest of congo .
and with other chimpanzees , you &apos;re the most close to you in the world .
that means that it &apos;s a evolutionary history that lived about six million years ago .
now , the chimpanzees are the agrasiflikleriyle .
but the sad thing is that when we tell the evolution of human beings , we really have a lot of understanding on this issue .
but they show us the other side of the medal .
the chimpanzees are under the control of the large men , while the men are under the authority of the chimpanzees , and they &apos;re surrounded by the bonobo .
these guys are really excited about things , because this is the case of a deadly death penalty that has yet to have a high community .
but unfortunately , chimpanzees , they &apos;re at least part of the monkey species .
they live in the deep of the congo , and so it &apos;s very difficult to study them .
the congo has an extraordinary beauty of biological diversity and diversity , but it also claimed that the dark war was about as wild as the first as many as many as the first world war , which lasted decades of darkness .
it &apos;s not surprising that the destruction of this destruction would be able to survive .
it means that the forests and the forests in the world are in a small stadium that we are behind , and we &apos;re not sure that we &apos;re not going to be honest .
in spite of this , you can hear these violence and chaos on your territory .
who is this ?
we know them as &quot; monkeys , &quot; because they &apos;re very often kontrol , and they &apos;re in order to control the conflict and solve social issues that we have to deal with .
now , i &apos;m not saying that this is a solution to all the problems of humanity -- because in your life , we have more than sutra .
like humans , humans , like all of their life , like play .
the game is not just for children .
for us , for them , they are a temeldir to set up play , play and play .
it &apos;s where we learn from game rules , where we learn game rules .
it increases creativity , creativity , and it &apos;s all about the diversity of the generation -- the diversity of behavior diversity .
and you &apos;re going to see the roots of human beings , the dance of the game , and the evolutionary roots of the game .
it &apos;s a game that keeps us together .
now , i don &apos;t know how you &apos;re going to do it , but i &apos;d like to tell you a couple of stories of wild stories from wild life .
first of all , this is a bonobo , and i don &apos;t mean the ball .
so here &apos;s a young man who got into the game of kovalamaca , and there &apos;s a male .
look at what it does to do .
he has to have a ancient origin , he has to be able to capture him .
i think i &apos;m pretty happy with this , right ?
yeah .
so here &apos;s the sex game , both in humans and in common .
and this video is really interesting , because this video is really interesting , because it shows how it &apos;s not about making video games , it shows how it &apos;s fun and fun to make sense of confidence , and how the game needs to be fun .
but it &apos;s a game changing shape .
but what changed is a game , and a lot of them can go into a lot of these , and some of them can go into more haya , which is , maybe a place that &apos;s more interesting than the gücüne .
and i want you to see , this is a young female , and she plays with water .
and i think , like that , sometimes we are in our environment , and we are able to cross the outside of our external world .
and it &apos;s a kind of wonder that you &apos;re interested in research , and then you &apos;re interested in the research , and then you have the actual connections to creativity that we have .
these are the small ones that we have given us the past and the present time of our time .
but they also need a larger future that we need to adapt to the world that we need to adapt to the growing secrets of our future .
the secret is that all of this stuff is key to play .
in other words , the game is our wild .
we need a game to adapt to the growing world in order to achieve a success .
but are we going to do most of our lives ?
it &apos;s not a game .
no play .
for humans and humans , life is not only for humans , and it &apos;s not our teeth .
when the game is most unnecessary , it may be the most important time .
and so here is my primat , the primat , the primat , the kucaklayalım , the kucaklayalım , the dostluğu , the creativity and the friendship that comes together .
thank you .
i want you to imagine you in the middle of the two pair , and it &apos;s two babies every day , right .
each of these two brothers makes a baby .
i don &apos;t want you to imagine a lot of the baby alone , because the part of that part is a lot of time to imagine that part of me .
now imagine that moment .
and in this scenario , and in this case , i want you to imagine that in this case , the gene is carrying the gene , the x is connected to the x .
and in the other example , the x x x is carrying the sperm of the tumor .
every time you get live , you go .
we &apos;re going to return to these people again .
i &apos;m wearing two şapka in general .
this is one of the şapkanın , i make history .
i &apos;m one of the history training , and i &apos;m talking about how people in this field are interested in how to work in this field -- and i mean , i &apos;m talking about how they &apos;re thinking about the human being , the way they &apos;re thinking about their body perspective .
i use the patient , as an activist , or as an activist , or as i say , sometimes as a patient , as i say , i &apos;m using a patient for people who are sick .
in these cases , people who i &apos;m trying to challenge the social patterns of body .
so one part of the people i work , for example , is in the body , in one body , two people .
part of what i &apos;m trying to work is that people who are very short , very short .
and what i &apos;m trying to do is people who have a big gender -- that &apos;s the standard man -- the standard man or the body of men .
we use the term &quot; gender &quot; for this .
there are many different forms of gender .
i &apos;m going to give you a couple of examples of women who don &apos;t comply with standard standards of gender .
in part of this , you have one of the genes that you have in your hand , and you have a gene , and you have a gene gene called the gene gene gene , which is all of us in a gene , and you have a gene .
and so it starts to start with the pompalamaya , which is where you &apos;re not going to get older .
but the lack of these separate elements is not going to be able to respond to the body .
and this is called sendroma sendromu .
there &apos;s a lot of tests , but there &apos;s no responded to one .
as a result , the body gets more accurate than the body .
when the baby was born , she was born .
he was like a girl and a girl .
and as this girl goes up to this age , she &apos;s growing up to the age of age , and she starts to grow , and she starts to grow , but she &apos;s going to find out what somebody else is .
and the tests are being done to understand the body , and instead of a body , there &apos;s a girl in the body , and it &apos;s got a y , and it &apos;s got a y .
now the important thing you have to say is that these guys are actually men and men .
women , like men , have structures called vücutlarımızda böbreküstü .
our bodies are in the back .
and they produce the androjen , which is the male sex .
many women , like me -- i accept myself as a typical woman -- i don &apos;t know that i &apos;m a woman , but i don &apos;t know i &apos;m a typical woman , but i think i &apos;m probably a woman like a woman like me .
we &apos;re producing our androjen , and we react to our lives .
so as a result , someone like me has a brain that is more open to the women who are born than the ones that are born in the androjen .
in short , the gender business is really mixed , and there &apos;s no gender between all these gender and gender , but there &apos;s no other way that we can change gender .
another example , a couple of years ago , he called me as a man , a man who was born , as a man , was born , as a man , a girl who was born with her friend , who was born with her friend , and she was learning a little girl , and she was learning a little girl , and she was a little girl , and she was a little girl who was born , and she was a little girl , and she was a little girl .
but there &apos;s a situation where you can see the situation in a very extreme place called uç and çok .
it has xx and main rahmindeyken , and it &apos;s very bezleri , and it &apos;s actually created a erkeksi environment .
and as a result , the sexual organs have become more erkeksi than the beynide and the beynide .
and when he was born , he was born -- no one was able to get anything .
and until that age of 19 , but after some medical problems , some medical doctors had started to live , and the reason was that this young woman was going to die , because she was the reason why she was a woman .
okay , i &apos;m going to go to another example of what you might be like to be a gender .
part of what &apos;s happening is that there &apos;s a section of people who are in the genome , so there &apos;s a kromozomu , and there &apos;s a testis , and the testis of the dna .
we don &apos;t know why this is right .
in short , there &apos;s a lot of different kinds of çeşitlemeleri .
it &apos;s whether these kids want to be able to have children , whether they &apos;re yapışık or yapışık or gender -- they usually feel that they don &apos;t need to be better , but they feel better .
in many cases , these people are very excited .
this is the reason why we do not solve these operations because of social threats .
or in general , the system is the basis of certain types of anatomilerin .
there is a woman who means to have women &apos;s identity , which means that they can be found to be a african woman , and they should be used to be black .
we have a very , very simple idea .
and when we come to a challenge , it tells us a lot more different things , it &apos;s because of us .
so our culture has very romantic ideas about our culture .
and in fact , our country has been established on a very romantic idea in our country .
tell you how it started , you can imagine that two people were born when they were born .
i &apos;ve been in the last year when i was the subject of discussion at the international community in berlin , where the south african athlete was the subject of gender equality .
many journalists were looking for me and asked me what tests would be done to understand what male or men &apos;s tests are .
and i had to explain to reporters that there was no test .
now we know that gender is so complex enough that women and nature , and men , and men , and men , or gender between men , and in nature , or in nature , are actually in nature .
now we &apos;ve come to a place where science is that when we think that as we &apos;re going to admit to ourselves , we &apos;re simply simply more complex than what we think of is that these categories of identity that we have in our evolutionary history .
and that &apos;s not just gender .
at the same time , race is much more complex than it allows us to let them live .
we &apos;re moving to more uncomfortable areas than our araştırdıkça .
for example , 95 percent of dna is the same with chimpanzees .
is it just a couple of nükleotit that makes us different from them ?
as we go through science and science , we &apos;re basically going to a much more uncomfortable place where we really want to accept the fact that the categories are not supposed to be drafted in a little bit more than the categories .
and we see this in every human life .
for example , here in america today , another example of what we see in our culture is that life begins and the debate .
there &apos;s a different way of thinking about what the body is going to be right now than the human being .
today , as someone died -- probably as open as in medicine -- we are discussing very difficult issues .
in the past , when one of our ancestors died , we were so excited about this question .
most people are being placed under the burnunun , and if they &apos;re in the tüy .
it &apos;s a kıpırdamazda .
but today , we &apos;re going to take people &apos;s organs to take care of other people , and to end up with this very difficult question of who is dead , and it leads us to a lot more simple categories than we did before .
now most of you may think that these categories are happy like me .
i &apos;m a political scientist , i &apos;ve got to admit that i don &apos;t have normal people , but i &apos;ve even worried me .
i &apos;m not afraid that these categories are much more variable than we think of .
and when i think about the perspective of democracy .
i have to tell you that i &apos;m the first big fan of the american founding .
i know they &apos;re irkçı and they &apos;re doing gender , but they don &apos;t .
so i &apos;m very bold and very excited about what they &apos;re doing , so i &apos;m watching a couple of years , and i &apos;m watching a lot of music , &quot; i &apos;m watching , &quot; which is not just because of the music .
it &apos;s what the u.s. is doing .
my idea is that america &apos;s founders , the original anatomikal , is why .
they didn &apos;t believe what they didn &apos;t like , and they changed it with something else , and they kept us for 200 years .
it &apos;s a very simple concept that you all know that you &apos;re not talking about , as you &apos;re all like the hatırladığı , and you &apos;re not going to think of a lot of things .
they had the concept of the old world &apos;s dna origami , but they had the concept of rights .
they had the concept of aristokrat .
they had the idea that people who could have political power within the political force should have the power and the political power that comes to the blood , and then they should have political power .
he refused this idea , and they changed it , and they changed it , and they were equal to all of these people .
they decided that the game field and the differences of what &apos;s important are the differences of what &apos;s going on , and that &apos;s a lot of movement .
now they &apos;ve done some of this because they &apos;re a part of the system of the evolution that the two things grew together .
and on the other hand , it &apos;s also coming up in science .
and this is very clear , if you look at the history of science , you &apos;ll see that most of them are interested in science , and they &apos;re related to the world .
we &apos;re not going to be able to understand that we &apos;re not talking about something that has been able to understand , like the symbols of strength that have been achieved , or something that &apos;s armed , or something that has been achieved .
we &apos;re going to be able to make it right .
for example , if you look at independence , you &apos;ll see nature and nature &apos;s bahsettiklerini .
it &apos;s about god and the nature of god .
they talk about nature &apos;s power to tell us who we are .
so part of this was about the concept that they brought us into .
and they did this in the future , in a very beautiful way , with human rights movements .
they did that way , but they did it for us , and it &apos;s amazing .
so what happened for years ?
for example , the woman who had the right to vote was a woman who wanted to have the right to have her right , she was more important than the genetic differences , and she said , &quot; we don &apos;t have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have a
and women discussed this .
and then the successful human rights movement came in , and they said , &quot; well , we found women who asked me , &quot; you know , you know .
and in front of the human rights movement , they say , &quot; i &apos;m familiar with men . &quot;
again , again , the color of people in the lab came in a more successful way than we could see the color .
we also saw the same thing with disabled rights movements .
so the problem here is , when we start to see these differences , we start to question why we &apos;re doing this .
now notice you , i want you to make sure that you &apos;re going to be able to do certain kinds of anatomiksel in our culture .
for example , i don &apos;t want to give the right to a fish .
i don &apos;t really want to say that i &apos;m not going to be completely vazgeçtik .
i don &apos;t want to have five or five marriage rights .
there &apos;s a certain kind of anlam . it &apos;s got to tell me that we need to be able to understand and understand .
but what &apos;s going to happen here is what &apos;s going to happen to you have to do and why it &apos;s going to be .
now let &apos;s go back to two double baby babies doing that at the beginning of my talk .
they have two babies , they made the same baby every day in the middle of 1984 .
one of them is mary , mary , was born three months earlier , was born on january 1st , 1980 .
on the other hand , henry was born on time on april 1st , 1980 .
mary olarak , who had rights as mary ay three months ago , has the right to vote three months ago -- alcohol , alcohol .
you have to wait for all these things , but not because it &apos;s a different age , as henry is a biological age .
we also found out what their rights are .
henry , because he was a man -- i didn &apos;t tell you that he was still a man -- i didn &apos;t tell you that he was responsible for his military service , because he was only responsible for the military service .
in the meantime , it &apos;s not the right to have all the states where mary has , for example .
henry evlenebilirken , who was a woman in all the states , today , is only a few women in the province .
you can see , there &apos;s still a lot of problems , and there &apos;s still a lot of structural problems .
and i &apos;m going to ask the question , what are we going to do when we &apos;re going to move forward to a point where we &apos;re going to get to a place where we &apos;re going to get to a place where we &apos;re going to get into a field of understanding of democracy ?
i don &apos;t want to give up science , but i also feel like i feel like i &apos;m getting under the bottom of science .
where are we going to go ?
what &apos;s happening in our culture looks like a sort of pragmatic attitude : &quot; ok , we have to put these lines on these lines , so we have to put them in a place . &quot;
but many face strange situations .
so for example , at some point , you have to have to be able to get married to be a man in texas , and you have to have a name for a woman and a woman .
in practice , they don &apos;t test people &apos;s minds .
but this is very strange because of what i told you at the beginning , when i told you , it &apos;s very strange .
if we look at the founder of modern democracy , dr. martin martin luther king offers a solution to us , &quot; i have a dream . &quot;
he tells us that &quot; we need to get people closer to color , &quot; he says , &quot; and he says , &quot; we need to be more advanced .
and i said , &quot; oh , that &apos;s really good idea . &quot;
but how do you do that in practice ?
how do you make people think of their characters ?
i also want to make sure that i &apos;m not sure how we should give people their rights , because i have to admit that some of the dogs that i know , i know , have a lot more social service than some dogs .
in fact , i think it can make decisions that i know from people who i know about some yellow labrador , 40 , who i know , can make more intelligent , smart decisions .
so how do we make the content of the character ?
it looks like a very difficult job .
and i wonder if a character can make the content of a character in the future , which is going to be able to make the content of the character ?
can we really move forward to this point ?
i &apos;m not sure where to go .
it &apos;s very important to think about the problem of thinking that america has led by the room .
we &apos;ve done a lot of good work in fighting democracy , and i think we &apos;re going to have good jobs .
we don &apos;t have a environment like iran , like a man , but if you accept a sexual desire for a man , then the death penalty is applied , otherwise if you accept the gender .
we don &apos;t have such situations .
i &apos;m happy to talk about things like this -- i &apos;m happy to have a couple of years ago -- i &apos;m not going to be able to make a name for her .
but when i talk to her on the phone -- i asked her why she was doing a risky surgery , so she had to do very bad kids in their country so she had to do it .
my name was , &quot; well , what about my political right to break the surgery ? &quot;
the united states offers incredible opportunities to people , allowing them to change the u.s. by allowing them to change them .
so i think we should be in leadership .
before i finish my talk to you , i &apos;d like to talk to you about this , and talk to you about it .
and i want you to ask you to think about what the possibilities of democracy looks like or what democracy looks like .
and i want to tell you something that &apos;s going to be a little bit of a little bit of a feminist , especially when a group of people who think about it , i believe that there &apos;s a different kind of views of the human being .
i &apos;ve been interested in gender issues for years now , and i &apos;m also interested in changing gender research .
and in particular , there &apos;s another issue that i &apos;m particularly interested in , about the difference between women and men and the world .
and in terms of cultural studies , women are not women -- not all in the average , but in the average , they &apos;re more careful about being more careful in social relationships and in a group of people .
if we think about this , we have a very interesting situation .
several years ago , i was a professor who knew that i was a woman who knew that i was going to be in my lab -- and i still wanted to ask me a very strange question .
tell me , &quot; tell me what is your mother . &quot;
i thought , &quot; well , this is the most stupid question i &apos;ve ever heard in my life . &quot;
there &apos;s nothing to do with all the feelings that we have in our society , which is all about the cinsiyetle . &quot;
but when i thought about the question , i started to think that there might be something that i thought could have thought about .
you know , there &apos;s something different than the male brain of men in the average men &apos;s brain , which makes us more careful in social relations and more careful against us .
but if we were very concerned about the protection of the individuals in america , if we had more parents in this case , we would have a lot more like to protect each other than just how we could protect each other .
maybe this place we need to go beyond democracy in the future is much more about the relations of individuals when we think about identity , because we think about their bodies .
so we think we &apos;re going to be able to create better units , to do what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i &apos;m a jessi and this is my valizim .
but before i show you what happened , i &apos;m going to admit something , i &apos;m going to admit , i &apos;m going to be wearing a room .
i love finding it , and at the top of the time , i write different kinds of crazy and kıyafetlerin pictures for every case , and i can pull out of it .
but nothing new is going to buy .
i &apos;m going to take my second hand in all my tasarruf and my savings .
thank you , thank you .
it allows me to reduce the impact on the second shopping mall , and reduce the impact on the environment .
every time we have excellent people , they &apos;re usually going to a good place , and they &apos;re very different ; they &apos;re very different ; they &apos;re not going to be able to get the treasure for me to share this personal .
what am i going to do today ? i call it .
will it happen to me ?
the color of it ?
will it be under 20 dollars ?
if all the answers are yes , i feel like i won .
i want to go back and show you what i &apos;m going to show you next week at ted .
who brings all of this stuff together ?
so i &apos;m going to show you exactly what i &apos;m going to do .
i brought them all up to seven pair of külot .
i put it in full of a week , and i put it all on my own .
i went to the bahise of all sorts of things that i was in the beach of california .
and you &apos;ve got me to say a couple of things that &apos;s going around ted &apos;s inner space -- this is what i &apos;ve found .
and i want to show you that i &apos;m going to give you a week enough .
sounds nice ?
and when i do that , i &apos;m going to tell you a few lessons of life or believe , that &apos;s not one of these new ones .
let &apos;s start with sunday .
i call this a brilliant cat .
you don &apos;t have to spend a lot of money to look great .
it &apos;s almost every time that 50 dollars are under emergency .
and i was going to take all of these guys , and that &apos;s the $ 55 , and that &apos;s the best one that i could ever get to .
monday : there should be strong color .
it &apos;s almost impossible that you &apos;re going to be in a bad spirit if you &apos;re a bright red tape .
if you &apos;re happy , you &apos;re going to be happy with other people .
tuesday : you &apos;re in line with your giyinme .
i spent a lot of my life trying to become a part of my life , and i also spent my work in harmony .
you &apos;re just going to be there .
if you &apos;re not talking to the right people , you &apos;re going to understand this with people , they will do it .
wednesday : i was born with a child .
sometimes people say to me , &quot; well , &quot; they &apos;re going to play a lot of games , or they &apos;re going to tell them that they &apos;re going to live in their age .
i love it and say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
thursday : most importantly , trust itself .
if you think you &apos;re good about something , it &apos;s absolutely fine .
and if you think about something good , you probably don &apos;t know .
i grew up this day , and i grew up with a mother , who said this day .
but i understood what that means , but when i was 30 years old .
and i &apos;m just going to take this for a second .
if you believe in the inside and outside , there &apos;s no one to get the eye from you .
so there &apos;s nothing against this audience here .
when we want to make sure we want it .
thank you .
friday : a universal word for you -- five words for you -- is something you can &apos;t get gold .
and finally , saturday : it &apos;s a very wonderful way to develop your own unique personal experience to tell you something unique about all the world .
this week , just because of me , i &apos;ve proven that it &apos;s happened to me again , and it &apos;s so beautiful .
it doesn &apos;t work in certain ways that my small business does not fit .
before you go home to boston , you can &apos;t get everything .
because this week , i &apos;m going to allow myself to go to learning .
i don &apos;t need to be able to do that emotional response , because every time , every corner of the corner , i have a köşede , i look at love , if i look at me a little bit of love .
thank you very much .
thank you .
everybody , good evening .
i want to show you something .
think of it as a piksel .
we call it smart design .
i &apos;m going to talk a little bit about this .
now let &apos;s take this picture -- i &apos;m actually a boy , and i &apos;m going to grow up with every single child in italya , and this is what happened in the past decade has been a very interesting idea of what &apos;s going on .
one time ago , we took the race to win the race and put it into a good car , and we could put it into a car and run it .
and if you &apos;re a car and you &apos;re not good enough , you &apos;re going to run the race .
today , in order to win , you need something like this : you need to do something like this -- in real time , in real time , when you get information from the car to the system , you have a system that allows the system to go back into a few thousand cars , and then you have a whole range of facts .
engineering is called a real control system .
basically , a system is made up of two senses -- a function and a operating component .
today , what &apos;s interesting is that we have control systems in real time .
our final cities are our cities , our cities , with electronic technologies .
they &apos;re like air computers .
and you can react in different ways , like computers in the open air , and in different ways .
and if you &apos;re going to say , this is very important .
i &apos;d like to talk about it as a side , and our cities are just about two percent of our cities , but the world is barındırmaktadır percent .
they create -- percent of energy consumption -- co2 percent of co2 emissions .
if you &apos;re going to be able to do it , it &apos;s going to be important .
beyond cities , all these components of perception and operating are also affecting daily objects .
this year , in the summer , he will hold a meeting in tokyo , where he was scheduled to hold the summer .
&quot; talk to me . &quot;
our environment , our environment , started talking with us .
in a sense , all of the atoms around the world have begun to be both the atomlar and the operating components .
and that &apos;s how people are going to be able to live in a radical way .
in a sense , it &apos;s like the dream of ceiling .
you know , when he was doing his sculpture , he was told to take his statue , and he was told , &quot; well , in fact , a little çentik -- can you look at the bağırmış and say , &quot; why are you going to make the bağırmış ? &quot;
for the first time today , our environment began to talk to us .
and i &apos;m going to show you a couple of examples of the idea that we have to create our environment and the perception .
let &apos;s start with perception .
the first project i &apos;d like to share with you is actually one of the first projects i really want to share .
four and a half years ago italy was in italy .
and what we &apos;re doing there is actually using the whole world -- the mobile phone network -- a new network , a network , a network that &apos;s on time , and using the information that the city is trying to figure out how it works .
he wrote a lucky -- 2006 .
he won the world cup .
some of you may remember that he was playing with france , and eventually he was playing with a player in france .
anyway , at the end , he won .
now i want to take you to take attention to what &apos;s happening on the network .
here you see the city .
you see the colosseum in the middle of the river , which looks like the tiber river .
it was the morning before the match .
on the top side you see the time line .
after afternoon , people in various places are searching and moving .
the game starts -- there &apos;s silence .
france takes a goal . it takes a goal .
the first half is the first half , people don &apos;t know if they &apos;re looking for a toilet .
the second half of the game . it &apos;s normal .
half the first half is half , half .
it &apos;s the moment of playing the memory of zidane .
it &apos;s winning . yes !
he went to the city centre to celebrate the night .
you see the top of the big bang .
the next day , the herkez team met in downtown to meet the prime minister .
and then everybody went down to the bottom of the map .
and you see here , where there &apos;s a place called massimo , where people gathered to celebrate rome , where there &apos;s a big party , where you see a lot of parties in the end of the day .
it &apos;s one of the examples we can use to perception this city , and we can &apos;t do it just a few years ago .
so let &apos;s give you an example of perception , which is not about humans , but what we use and what we use .
we know it &apos;s so good today to know where we come from .
this map shows how they came together and how they came together .
but we know little about where these items go .
so in this project , we &apos;ve developed some small boxes that move within the system , and we &apos;ve developed some of the objects that are moving in .
about a year ago , we started this project with a few volunteers who were going to help us share their properties in seattle -- and you can see these various things that they &apos;ve already taken .
and then we followed a little chip , a little chip , and we followed it on a etiketi .
these are the results we have .
from seattle .
a week later .
we understand that this system is very inefficient .
we can actually do the same thing with less energy .
this data wasn &apos;t before .
but shipping and mixed events are being done .
but we believe that we still have a place where we &apos;ve taken every day in the world .
and this is the difference that you realize that you &apos;re going to be permanent .
we can encourage people to change by showing that .
that &apos;s the purpose of the project .
my colleague at mit may give us more information about perception , and i want to pass things that can be done with an amazing perception , but especially the second thing we &apos;re talking about , to take action , to move our environment .
the first project was a few years ago that we did in spain .
the mayor of the city began to come and ask us , and there &apos;s a beautiful tradition about using spanish and southern europe in public places of water .
so the question was : how technology can make new technology , this concept ?
one of the ideas that was developed in mit was about a pipeline that was developed in the tabları , which was a tabları .
you create a wall that &apos;s made of water .
you can create text , you can create shapes , shapes , images , you can see if the text goes down .
and as you get out of it , it can be opened , as you can see in this picture .
we presented it to mayor belloch .
he loved it .
and it was designed to design a building in the entrance of the exponun .
it &apos;s called the digital water building .
the whole building consists of water .
you don &apos;t have the window or the door , but when you get in , you &apos;re in order to get in .
the roof will be covered with water .
and if you have a little wind , you &apos;re going to get a little bit of a little bit of water , you &apos;re going to be able to get the water .
or we &apos;re going to put it in the building , and we &apos;re going to have all the architecture in this situation .
they &apos;re going to go there in the winter days of the roof , and they &apos;re going to visit the building , and they &apos;re going to tell us , &quot; we &apos;re going to see the building . &quot;
no , i &apos;m not going to put it in the building , but i &apos;m not going to be able to build it alone in architecture .
you can see how the building works .
here you see the person who works within the building .
and i &apos;m working with the ıslanmamaya that &apos;s running water .
i &apos;m going to tell you what the sensors are in a night .
it &apos;s actually more fun than that night .
all the young people in zaragoza came to the building because the building had changed .
we &apos;re not going to be able to use the building anymore , but we still have holes and holes and holes in order to get inside of the building .
this is very interesting for us , because architects , engineers and designers , always think about how people design things that we designed as designers .
but what &apos;s actually going to happen is hard to predict .
and this is what people are used to do with them and interact with them .
this is a camera made of the building , which is physical , which is made of the building , which is made from the water of the water .
and that &apos;s what i &apos;m going to show you now to think about the project .
imagine the piksellerin .
imagine that you have little küçük that you have in the air , and in each one of them , you think there &apos;s a cloud that can move in space like a cloud .
here &apos;s the video .
it &apos;s a helicopter that looks like we &apos;ve seen before , but it &apos;s a helicopter that &apos;s moving together .
you can get a cloud like this .
it could be flexible , that way -- it would be a regular basis of two dimensions .
or three-dimensional , but what &apos;s going on here is that it &apos;s not the location of the piksellerin .
you can play with a different species .
imagine if you &apos;re going to be able to take a look at a range of different dimensions or scale .
but all of this is a 3d cloud that you can see from inside of it , and in a very three-dimensional way .
this is going down down to create the shape of the order that you &apos;ve seen before , which you can see in order to create a regular basis .
when you open the light , you see it . so it &apos;s the same .
and imagine that each one is managed by people .
every time you have to do , you can control the control of people &apos;s actions or actions .
i &apos;m going to show you something for the first time here .
we &apos;ve been working with one of the major ballet players today , robert danscılarından and milan , in new york city , and we &apos;ve managed to use their hareketlerini actions in 3d and 3d .
you can see robert dancing here .
on the left you see the pikselleri that &apos;s caught in a different way .
it was used both in 3d and in real time to capture and capture .
we &apos;re going to be able to move all the movements from the beginning to the end .
we &apos;re going to go back again .
it &apos;s possible to be playing with them and with colors and colors , and play with color .
we want to use it as a possible use of our dolaysıyle .
i want to show you the last project on top .
it &apos;s something we &apos;re working on for the olympics in london .
it &apos;s called the cloud .
so the idea is that we &apos;re doing something that people do , and we &apos;re doing things -- the thing we call the cloud -- the cloud -- but there &apos;s a cloud like this .
think that everybody is contributing to a piksel .
and the interesting thing that happened in recent years is that , in the last decade , we have done virtual world in the physical world .
we &apos;ve got all the bilgilerimizi , and we made these information through the internet .
for the first time today -- and this has shown us that obama &apos;s election campaign showed us -- from the digital world , from the power of social networks , from the physical world .
and what we want to do is we want to design the symbol and use it .
this means something built in a city .
but tomorrow , imagine what we &apos;re going to do today -- think about climate changes -- climate change or co2 -- how we &apos;re going to move from the digital world to the physical world .
there was a collective idea that they could do it in a way .
how do you create a cloud of cloud , a cloud of a cloud of cloud .
and it &apos;s a buluttur of these particles that we have in our bodies .
it &apos;s a physical machine that &apos;s covered in london .
they can live in different kinds of experiences .
it may be a serious tool to connect individuals and society to connect their most important moments after the 2012 olympics and to connect with society .
it will be possible to be both the cloud and the sky as well as the new mt of london .
we &apos;re going to go into it .
and the night is going to be a symbol of a new city -- but most importantly , it will be a new experience for everyone who &apos;s going to grow up .
thank you .
as an artist , it &apos;s very important for me .
so through my work , i &apos;m trying to understand that people are not separate from nature and that everything is connected .
when i went to antarctica for the first 10 years ago , i saw my first buzdağlarını .
i was stuck .
and as i was trying to understand things that were standing up in my face , my heart was moving .
it was about 60 feet above me around me , and it was about 60 feet long , and i was able to figure out how one of them came out of snow for years .
it &apos;s a mountain range of mountains , or the ice cream , or the kırılarak .
each of the ice has a unique self .
there &apos;s a different way of communication that we can communicate with our bodies .
some of them are red , and some of them are suffering at the end of their pain , and some of them are now suffering from a dramatic passion crisis .
when you look at them , it &apos;s easy to think that they &apos;re isolated , and they &apos;re not alone , and they &apos;re like the same people like us .
but the truth is that we &apos;re very excited about it .
i &apos;m going to take a look at the ancient atmosphere of her .
and it gives the rich water that feed a lot of lives of us that feed a lot of lives .
when i took this picture of the ice , i would like to take a picture of the old family paintings of the glacier , and i &apos;m putting them in a way like this , and i &apos;m able to see them now , like a little bit more like this .
it &apos;s not a death time , it &apos;s not a last death , but it &apos;s a continuation of life .
i &apos;ve taken a picture of some young people that i &apos;ve taken , so a few thousand years ago .
and some of them are huge .
i &apos;m going to show you a couple of pictures i &apos;m going to show you now , a picture of my last few pictures i &apos;ve taken in iceland .
it &apos;s a very rare moment to witness the ice mountain .
and here it is .
you can see the little boat on the left .
this is a 5 boat .
and i want to take you to the shape of the ice .
as you can see , the boat went down to the side , and he &apos;s standing there .
this is the average size of the arctic ice .
it &apos;s about 120 feet , or 40 feet above water .
and this is a video shot shot .
and so here &apos;s what you &apos;re going to tell you about another side of your experience .
thank you .
i &apos;ve had some amazing work projects in my life .
but this is the most amazing thing i did .
this is called elemanın .
in the &apos; 80s &apos; 80s , it &apos;s called tempt başta .
and he came home one day , and he said , &quot; dad , you &apos;re going to die . &quot;
and this was the beginning of the sava .
now it &apos;s completely paralyzed .
you can just move your eyes .
i can &apos;t tell him .
there &apos;s a company that &apos;s a design and animation company , so clearly , that we &apos;ve heard about respect and respect in the art world .
and so we decided that we would be the purpose of tony , tony , and he &apos;s organization .
and then i went to meet his father and his brother , and he said , &quot; we &apos;ll give you this money .
what do you do with the money ? &quot;
and my brother said , &quot; i want you to go back to tony .
i just want to communicate with him and i want him to communicate with me , &quot; he said .
and i said , &quot; wait a second , i &apos;ve seen stephen stephen stephen , can all of these people communicate through these devices ? &quot;
and he said , &quot; no , no , it &apos;s not surprising if it &apos;s not at the top , but you can &apos;t do it in fact .
these devices are not the devices that people can reach , &quot; he said .
and i said , &quot; well how do you communicate ? &quot;
everybody was watching the film &quot; the octopus , &quot; and &quot; right ?
and that &apos;s how they put their fingers in this way .
i said , &quot; this is very old . how could this be ? &quot;
i just came to write for a czech republic , and i wrote a czech republic where he didn &apos;t know how to do it .
and then i promised his brother and his brother , &quot; here &apos;s the agreement : we &apos;ll talk to him , and we &apos;ll find a way to continue to be able to perform machine art .
because it &apos;s about everything about art , and it &apos;s not the ability to communicate it , &quot; he said .
so i talked a few months later at a conference .
i met people called grl . and they have a laser that reflects the light , and then they have the technology that allows us to record in the surface , and then they can record it on the surface .
so they go somewhere , and they do art images like this .
everything goes up there , they said , there &apos;s a cycle of life .
she starts with her first sexual organs , and then she starts with words , and then bush &apos;s itiraflarıdır , and there &apos;s actually art for people .
but they always had a cycle of life .
so i went home and i was eating it with my wife , and i was going to talk to my wife , and he said , &quot; well , if there was something that would have been a süper , you know , why this is a &quot; , and why , if you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , it &apos;s going to control this technology .
so our journey started .
and about two years later , about a year , about a year later , we managed to do a couple of things around a organization and a lot of things .
we took one machine that would allow the insurance companies to open their doors , and actually provide a communication machine that will allow stephen hawking to &apos; .
it was amazing .
and he &apos;s one of the most famous people -- i say to him -- because you &apos;re talking to him , you &apos;re talking to him , you &apos;re a electronic email , and you &apos;re not so surprising . &quot;
the other thing we did is we brought all over the world -- from all over the world to our home to our home .
my wife and my wife and i moved to the background , and they moved to our house , and they moved to our home to the conspiracy and conspiracy and conspiracy theory .
so many of our friends thought we were absolutely stupid , and we &apos;d be able to put all the paintings on the wall , and we &apos;d be able to go back to the wall .
but as soon as we were in two weeks , we went to venice &apos; , including my children , my dog , and we created this .
it &apos;s called gözyazar , and you can see the explanation .
this is a cheap pair of ucuz that we bought this in the beach of beach , a little bit of copper cable , and a little bit of material from the radio free .
we took the camera , we got the camera , we got to open the light , we have a birleştirilmiş device , and now there &apos;s a free device that you can use free , free , free , free , free , free .
and we certainly did a device that was not in any way .
no , no , there &apos;s no insurance company .
no , no , no .
and now , who &apos;s been paralyzed , actually , has the opportunity to take their eyes or to communicate with their eyes .
thank you .
thank you very much . this is amazing .
at the end of the week , we went to the tempt &apos;s room .
i love this picture , because this is the chamber of somebody else , and that &apos;s her .
and then we were able to create a product .
and over a year , two weeks of planning , the 2nd programming festival , and the whole night , tony oturmaları again , seven years later .
and this is an amazing picture , because this is looking through life support system and support system .
we can see the yatağını out of our yatağını .
and we set up the wall that &apos;s located outside the park .
and for the first time , again , you can imagine just what the feeling of his family and his friends is in front of park .
and the funny thing is , we were forced to go to the park park , so we felt that we were completely legal to be legal .
finally , he sent us a email , and he wrote , &quot; this is the first time in seven years .
it was being held under the water , and eventually somebody reached me and then got me up , and he pulled up , and he said , &quot; i can breathe . &quot;
isn &apos;t it amazing .
this is something like our victory .
this is the way we keep going on , and that &apos;s what &apos;s happening .
and there &apos;s a lot of ways to deal with this .
it &apos;s a very surprising device , but it &apos;s like a wooden device .
one of the artistic potential has more rights .
so we have to do this better , faster , to try to figure out how to do powerful .
since then , we have all sorts of information .
we won a lot of awards .
remember , this was free ; none of us had money on this .
every time we pay for it .
&quot; oh , that &apos;s fantastic . &quot;
he praised us , and then in december , when the time magazine showed us in the best time magazine in 2010 , it was really good .
the most beautiful thing about this -- and this is the whole circle -- this year , in april of los angeles , this year , it will be called &quot; &quot; art &quot; , which is called the streets .
and in the exhibition of &quot; streets art , &quot; artists of street art &quot; -- banksy , &quot; , shepard -- -- will all be there .
it &apos;s going to be our tempt , and that &apos;s amazing .
in fact , what i want to tell you is that if it &apos;s impossible , do something , do it .
everything in this room was impossible -- this is the stage , this computer , this computer , it was impossible -- at some point .
i̇mkanlı -- everyone in this room .
i &apos;m not going to do anything about the interface technology , i &apos;ve never done anything , but i realized it &apos;s just something interesting and so that we can get people to be able to do something interesting .
and what you need to think about is that when it comes to mind every day , if it &apos;s not going to ask itself , then what &apos;s next , and then , if i &apos;m not ?
thank you everyone .
you know , i write books for children and probably the most read books in america are children reading .
and i always tell you that i &apos;m going to go to the face of a scientist .
i call it farmers or farmers , and i say no one has ever been able to choose .
i &apos;m going to talk to you today about the secret of circles and some things .
you know , we &apos;re leaving the secret of something .
when we go forward , the block is an official circle .
a friend of richard bollingbroke did this .
i &apos;m going to give you a complex circle today .
in the &apos; 60s , &apos; 60s &apos; 60s , she started at a high school in ohio . she was in high school .
every week , i was a kid in the men &apos;s office , and i was a teacher until i was a teacher .
he saved my life by allowing teachers to use my life in the room .
this is for three years .
he did it .
and i had to go from that city .
there was a başparmağım , and i went to san francisco , california , and i went to san francisco -- and i found myself -- and i heard a lot about aids in the &apos; 80s .
two or three years ago , in the middle of the night , i got a phone call from a teacher in the middle of the night . &quot; i got you .
i &apos;m very disappointed to imagine each other as adults .
please come to ohio , and please come up with the man i know that he has found so far .
and i have to say , let &apos;s take your pankreas and keep your hand quickly . &quot;
the next day we were in boston .
and we looked at it like this , we looked at it , and we saw that there was a need to survive .
we found one , we got it there , and we looked at it , and we looked at it , and it was necessary , because this was the family .
it was something we know how to do it .
and the woman who wanted me to know me as a adult , finally turned me into a box , and it turned out to me .
what happened was that the circle was turned into a circle -- and it turned into the secret of the incident that i mentioned before .
death is a secret to life .
it was my life , my life , and i didn &apos;t care about it .
and you know , the rest of life need to do it .
beauty and beauty is very happy and i &apos;m happy to talk about it .
also , love , love and happiness , and we want to give them to others .
thank you .
the idea behind the computer is actually quite simple .
we don &apos;t want iran to get a bomb .
their nuclear weapons were the main source of silah nuclear weapons .
these gray boxes , the real control systems you see .
if we &apos;re not going to have these systems that control the speed of working and control , we &apos;re going to cause a lot of problems .
they don &apos;t use gray boxes ; they &apos;re completely different technology .
but if we can achieve a good job with a windows engineer using this blue box , then you can get a windows virus .
this is the scenario behind the stuxnet .
so we start with a system that would reduce windows .
the main burden is going to the gray box , which is damaged , and iran &apos;s nuclear programme -- completed .
it &apos;s easy , right ?
i want to tell you how to do that .
when we started to start with six months ago , we were completely focused on what this purpose was .
the only known thing was that the windows had a lot of it , it was very complicated , and it was used for zero points to zero .
and these gray boxes , they wanted to do something like doing real control systems in real time .
this has taken our attention , and we launched a lab project , and we tried to do this thing with our environment , and we tried it .
and then it became funny things .
it was kind of like a stuxnet experiment -- it was our peynirimiz -- but it didn &apos;t want to eat .
it didn &apos;t come to me .
and after the experiments that we did with different kinds of experiments , i realized , that &apos;s a direct attack .
it &apos;s completely yönlendirilmiş .
it doesn &apos;t do anything if it &apos;s a program that works with the appropriate monitoring of the virus , even if it does the gray box , it doesn &apos;t do it on the gray box , and it doesn &apos;t do it .
this has taken me attention , and we started working on it literally , because we don &apos;t know what it is .
the goal is , in the united states , the power plant could be a chemical facility in germany or germany .
first of all , we need to get the target .
we put it in the wrong way , and we discovered the code , and we discovered that two digital bombs were built -- a big , big bomb .
and we also saw that engineers worked pretty well with all kinds of information from the inside .
they knew the outside of what they could do .
they probably knew that they could not get a shoe store .
so they knew everything .
and i &apos;ll tell you , if you think it &apos;s a complex and complex technology product , it &apos;s a lot of the burden of business .
it was more difficult than anything we saw before .
you see the real example of the attack .
we &apos;re talking about a 15 resource .
it looks like a very old kind of integrated language .
and i want to tell you a little bit about how to make sense .
first of all , what we &apos;re looking at is the system search for function , because we know what it works .
and then we looked at the data structures , and we looked at them and connected them to real world -- potential targets .
so we need to be able to achieve our goals or our goal .
to get our hefef , this should be a very heavy target , very high , very valuable , and most likely it is in iran , because it &apos;s the largest place in iran .
there are a few thousand targets in that region .
we simply had a nuclear power plant , and we were at the facility of the yakıt facility .
&quot; bring me a list of all the power plants and power plants , &quot; he said .
and i opened them up with the phone , and i convinced them to bring them together with data and data .
and that was pretty good .
we &apos;re going to have a little bit of nuclear control with the little bit of it .
it &apos;s the black part of the movement inside .
and if you could do this speed of playing at the speed of playing , you could have been able to be able to do it at the end of the year .
the other thing we saw was that the attack was slow and weird , and the purpose of the attack was that the care problem was that they were able to solve quickly .
we had a chance to look at digital data structures -- data and data structures .
so for example , here &apos;s the code -- that &apos;s the number one , which is a review .
i began to look at the scientific bilimsel , which i actually found out how it was in bu , and in fact , i found out how it was in a structure , and it was -- and it was a 164 .
and that &apos;s a meaningful , eşleşmeydi .
and then it went better .
this is a 15 section called santrifüjler structures in iran .
and guess what did we find the attack ?
it &apos;s almost a neredeyse structure .
so again , this is a good measure .
and this is a high level of trust that we &apos;re interested in .
now i &apos;m going to put it wrong , so he didn &apos;t go .
these results came after a few years of hard work .
and we had to go back to the deadlock mostly .
anyway , we understood both of the digital war and the same topic of war , but in different ways .
it took a little war title , and it took them to turn them into a war , and it took them into the big war , and it took the title of six , and it took the title .
so , what we found was , we were very excited about ourselves .
it &apos;s the target , and it &apos;s just the goal .
so we didn &apos;t have to worry about other goals that are possible by our stuxnet .
there are some things that affect me .
there &apos;s this gray box , and there &apos;s over it .
now , what it does is to capture the entry into what it does -- like , like , the kodu of the pressure and the pressure code -- and it &apos;s still working with the fake code , which goes through the attack .
and as a result , this entry data would be used previously by the sahte .
so , just like the hollywood movies , during the monitoring cameras , we &apos;ve been able to do video with video cameras .
this is cool , right ?
the idea here is not just to get control operators in the room .
it &apos;s actually more dangerous and aggressive .
the idea is to stop the digital security system .
we need the digital security systems of the operators to be able to get so quickly .
for example , in a power plant , when it &apos;s speed up , it &apos;s going to slow down , you &apos;re going to be able to be able to get out of the air .
obviously , this is not done by the human .
so we need digital security systems .
and when they were ignored , then things could be very bad .
it can become a patlayacak .
and you &apos;re going to have your security system or your security system .
this is frightening .
but it &apos;s getting worse .
and this is very important to the söyleceğim .
think about that . this is general attack .
it &apos;s not specifically related to the spesifik or the zenginleştirmesi of coal .
so , for example , a power plant can work in a pretty good car or a car factory .
that &apos;s general .
and obviously , you don &apos;t have to do this kind of job with the memory burden that we have to do with the memory .
you can also use traditional solucan technology to spread .
it &apos;s as long as it is .
and if you do that , you end up with a cyber weapons of mass destruction .
this is a result we have to face .
so unfortunately , this kind of attacks are not the middle east .
the united states , europe and japan .
all these green areas are rich in terms of target .
we need to start with the results , and we need to start with it .
thank you .
i have a question .
in most places , he thinks this is the main responsibility for the people to do .
do you think that way ?
craig langler : okay , do you really want to hear this ?
yeah .
i think it &apos;s in israel , but it &apos;s not israel that has the strength .
the real power behind this is the süpergüç .
there &apos;s only one , and this is the united states -- thank you very much .
because it would have been bigger than any other problems .
we &apos;re not going to make us feel like this .
i &apos;ve spent the last few years in a very difficult way , and also in a way , in a way , in a sense , dangerous way .
i went to prison -- it &apos;s a difficult situation .
i worked in a coal mine -- it &apos;s dangerous .
i did it in war areas -- it &apos;s difficult and dangerous .
and i spent just 30 days thinking about it , and it was fun , and it was a little bit of fun , and it turned out to be very dangerous .
in fact , my goal is to get myself through almost all of my career in a way that seems to be able to look at social problems , wondering whether it &apos;s going to be able to look at social problems , and try to bring them into the audience and make them available .
i knew i had to do something a little different than i &apos;d been able to talk a little bit differently to do a little bit before i was going to study the organization and the brand world .
and i put it a day before it was like a few weeks ago , when he heard that he had heard or not heard .
i sent a number of facebook , twitter and twitter , and i gave people the opportunity to buy the name rights that i could do in 2011 .
yeah , right . you &apos;ve heard about it , or a lucky person or a company , or a institution , or an institution that &apos;s going to have a chance to get more rights to talk about , which is , of course , i &apos;m sure , if you &apos;re going to have a lot more rights .
so the result was that i presented here : &quot; the i̇sminiz &quot; to talk about this content , &quot; which is not about ted -- and , as you are , it &apos;s particularly difficult for you to put you in a situation like this , if you &apos;re a sponsored .
but with that , this is a very good media opportunity ! &quot;
how many people are watching this ted talk , you know ?
it &apos;s too much .
and by the way , this is the draft .
and despite these warnings , i knew someone would get their right to name rights .
if you had asked me this one year ago , i would never tell you that .
but in the new project i &apos;m working now , it &apos;s going to be my new film , and we &apos;re looking at the marketing world .
and as i said earlier , for years , i &apos;d never had some terrible situations , but nothing , it &apos;s so hard to do with these guys , and it &apos;s so dangerous to do something , or something that &apos;s so dangerous .
to you know , i had a idea to make a film .
what i want to do is to finance a film that will be financed by the marketing and marketing community , and marketing , and marketing .
and it &apos;s called &quot; the most amazing film &quot; .
this is the most amazing film that &apos;s been sold , and it &apos;s going to be all over from the beginning to the end , and it &apos;s going to be sponsored by the brand , the name of the brand , the name of the brand , for now .
now this brand may be the marka stadium , or the marka stadium .
these people will be permanent to the film -- forever .
and so the idea that we &apos;re going to cover all of the film -- michael kassan : what &apos;s a unnecessary thing . what is it forever ?
i &apos;m an unnecessary one .
i told you more about this .
he said , &quot; it &apos;s always forever . &quot;
but it &apos;s not only sponsored by x brand , but it &apos;s also the satacağız of all the movies in the movie .
so maybe you &apos;re going to have a shoe shoes , and that shoes will be the most amazing shoes .
or the most amazing film that you see in &quot; the most wonderful film &quot; -- the most wonderful car that you see here -- is the most amazing contribution to what &apos;s been sold .
so the idea is , beyond showing that people are part of their lives , is it to finance their movie ?
and in fact , it &apos;s how all these things are done .
the whole film is transparency .
you &apos;re going to see that all of the things happened in this movie .
so that &apos;s the whole idea of the movie .
and i &apos;m very happy that help the ceg get done .
you know , this is strange , because when i first heard this , it &apos;s actually the most respected audience for this audience .
i don &apos;t know how much people are against this .
can you have the point of view -- i don &apos;t want to use the word &quot; angle &quot; because i don &apos;t want to have a negative image -- but you know how this will happen ?
how much money is needed to do this ?
$ 1.5 billion
i think i &apos;m going to talk to them at the meeting , but i still think a few big brands , known as the brand .
he can know who , maybe as he came out of the filminiz , we were talking about the görüneceğiz .
how do you think the answers will be against this ?
the big answers will be &quot; no . &quot;
but do you think this sales , because of the movie , is it difficult for me to sell ?
jk : both .
that doesn &apos;t mean a lot of good .
i mean , can you help me ? i need help .
i can help you .
okay .
great .
you know what brand will be .
yeah .
when you look at people who you &apos;re talking to .
there are places where we can go .
close the camera .
and i thought , &quot; close the camera , &quot; means we &apos;re going to do a meeting with the camera .
in fact , we don &apos;t really want to be interested in what we &apos;re going to do with nothing .
and as you can see here , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
none of them wanted to do something about this film .
i was surprised .
they didn &apos;t really want to do something about this project .
i was stuck in it , because the real idea was to put the product of the person who was the most possible , the most possible possible , to see him as possible .
in particular today &apos;s world , the new media and the old media are unlikely to have a new distribution tool , which is possible to get the message to the old media , the main media and the media community , to get the message to the communities ?
no , it &apos;s just me .
but the problem was , as you can see , there was a deadly error , and that was the mistake .
no , no , that &apos;s not the mistake either .
that would have been a problem .
this would not be a problem .
but the problem was that this image represents .
so , if you search for transparency in google , that &apos;s one of the first ones that &apos;s in this field .
yes , we &apos;re going to make this work done , sergey , no .
the problem is that transparency and truth can be solved : b can be easily noticed : c , c , c : c , c , c , d : the problem of dealing with the biggest problem , especially with the information and the end .
you know , we &apos;re very much hear about transparency recently .
he says he &apos;s telling him , and he &apos;s telling him , even if he doesn &apos;t .
but when it comes to the truth , something changes suddenly .
but why ? in fact , transparency is this strange month .
it &apos;s not estimated that it &apos;s kind of weird .
and it &apos;s also very risklidir .
what else can we do ?
it &apos;s a lot of food .
that &apos;s very risky !
when i started talking to companies and told them that we wanted to tell the story , and they said , &quot; no , we want a story .
yes , we want you to have a story , but we just want you to get rid of our hikayemizi . &quot;
so , when i was a kid , when my father was a kid , he said to me , &quot; well , this is a kind of story that &apos;s what my son , &quot; he said , &quot; that &apos;s the three species .
it &apos;s your story , the story i tell you , and the story is real . &quot;
so we wanted to tell this story to the real story .
but only one company that wanted to help me was a company , and that &apos;s the only reason i was , and i realized that i had to be a single man , richard bond , and i had to be able to move all the companies around for years , to be able to move through their own and direct flights .
and that &apos;s why we suddenly started to understand -- or when we started to understand what i started with these companies -- i &apos;ve seen that every company is a problem .
there are big movies that make big hollywood movies , and i have little independent movies that make my little movies like me .
and they say that the great hollywood movies are the reason why hollywood movies are so successful as a brand for their brand .
and my little independent friends who are making independent film , and they say , &quot; well , well , how can we compete with great hollywood movies ? &quot;
and the movie will be &quot; the most amazing film &quot; .
so how do we see ban ki-moon in the movie ?
when you go out of the house , when you &apos;re going to go out of the house , you &apos;re going to see ban ki-moon .
i would say , &quot; do you know enough for this meeting ?
are you ready ? it &apos;s a little nervous .
i want to help you with your help .
maybe we were going to talk a little bit before that . &quot;
and we &apos;re going to take one of the great kokulardan .
it could be &quot; &quot; , &quot; or &quot; &quot; &quot; -- &quot; paradise , &quot; they could all be able to win .
and for men and men and women , they &apos;re going to be used for their proposals -- strict , or whatever , or whatever .
so we come to the end of two cents .
now , if you have any kind of sorunuz , and you have five cents on the round .
we &apos;re a smaller one .
as you &apos;re talking about , as you &apos;re talking about , we &apos;re in big competition .
so we don &apos;t have the bütçelere that other brand has .
and to do something like this -- to remind people of ban , as you know , to remind ban ki-moon .
what words you use to define ban ?
that &apos;s ban .
this is an amazing question .
woman : technology .
you don &apos;t want to define something that people are going to have in a seat with technology .
boy : we are bold and alive .
i think it &apos;s a very good word , which is , &quot; live , &quot; and &quot; and &quot; göre , &quot; and &quot; it &apos;s very positive . &quot;
it keeps you alive .
it keeps you alive for a long time -- better life , more life , three times more alive .
it gives you a more positive message about doing things like this .
and this is a company that we &apos;re talking about to .
so what about me ? how did anyone do that ?
i can go out to the street and go out to people like me , ordinary people ...
they &apos;re going to tell me something about brand .
how do you care about your own life ?
boy : are you going to be in your own life ?
i don &apos;t know .
i really like beautiful clothes .
she says , if you &apos;re the 80 of the &apos; 80s , you &apos;re not the birleşimi of the çamaşır .
so what &apos;s your brand ?
unique .
adam : i think it would be my tarzım .
i love a lot of black color , a lot of them , and they look like this .
but usually , it happens to be like solar panels or sunlight , and i love them .
she would have been a brand if she had a brand , and she would have a classic benz .
two men . my brand : my brand is comfortable with me .
two : i &apos;m a little bit of a piece , a piece of yogi , i don &apos;t know -- i don &apos;t know , i don &apos;t know .
three men . i &apos;m the animal kingdom .
they &apos;re going to bring all the country and the animals to the world .
so this is me .
it &apos;s my little küçük , that &apos;s my markam .
it &apos;s four men : i &apos;m going to die because i &apos;m going to deliver good things .
five men .
is this brand ?
lawyer : i am a lawyer .
i &apos;m tom .
all right , we &apos;re not the brand tom brand , but i don &apos;t always find myself comfortable in the cazibeli and cazibeli .
and so i realized , i needed a experts .
i needed one of the things i could get inside of my head , and i needed to help someone who &apos;s called &quot; brand . &quot;
and so i found a company called pittsburg olson .
this company has helped companies like febreze , febreze , gibi marka .
if they did this for them , they could certainly do it for me .
it &apos;s a fotoğraflarınızı , right ?
yeah . my first picture is a picture of my family .
well , i &apos;m going to tell you that this is about who you are and how you &apos;re connected .
they &apos;re the people that have created the world .
i &apos;m going to tell you a little bit about this world .
is it out of this world ? i think it &apos;s the world in which you live in -- people around you , your friends , your family , your family , your life .
all of these things happened in a place , and for me , this was the same thing , and i was together with my family and my family in virginia .
what &apos;s the next thing you want to talk about ?
next thing : this was the most beautiful day in my life .
how are you connected to your thoughts and your thoughts ?
this is what i want to be .
i love things that are different .
i like strange things . i love strange things .
and he said to me , &quot; why don &apos;t you care -- what does this do ?
what are your maşat ? what are you going to do ?
why is it important to start the computer again ? what does red represent ?
tell me a few things about this part .
do you know a little bit about you ?
what was your other experience ?
it &apos;s not supposed to have fear . what is the kind of speed that we have now ?
no ! no , i thank you .
thank you for your work .
yeah .
yes , i don &apos;t know what will happen as a result .
there was a lot of crazy things .
the first thing we realized was that the brand was two different parts of the brand , but it was a brand that finished each other . it was a fun brand .
these are side sides .
and in fact , they &apos;re creating an almost chaos .
i think most companies should focus on two different aspects , rather than just one .
most companies -- part of the nature of human nature -- are not sure what they are , and what they &apos;re like , but you &apos;re really afraid of these things , and you &apos;re going to see it a nice thing to see and see it .
what other brand looks like ?
the first example is apple apple .
you can also see the target , the wii , the coopers , the coopers and the jetblue .
we &apos;re talking about fun and fun , and we &apos;re talking about brand brand brand brand brand , and it &apos;s a very powerful brand .
it &apos;s a fun , fun brand . what about you ?
so if someone told you that you could tell you the identity of your identity , what would your answer ?
do you have a living person ? can you have a person in the audience of the people ?
or is there a more calm one ?
are you going to be a little more calm , biraz ?
there &apos;s a lot of fun to be fun to be alive , like being alive , prince , modern , modern , modern , modern , modern or cesur , or sözünü , or sözünü , or sözünü , or gizemli , or gizemli .
or do you have a more calm picture ?
can you think of your thoughts , you know ?
can you say that you , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you &apos;ve got to have a traditional empathy ?
can you be a wise , reliable , reliable , reliable , safe , safe , safe , safe , safe , trust , or deep thoughts ?
in this film process , we talked about 500 companies , and some of them were live , and some of them were more calm , and they didn &apos;t want to participate in this project , &quot; they said .
they didn &apos;t want to do anything about this project , they didn &apos;t control the basic reason for this . they had control over the last product .
but we found a company that would give us 17 companies a story to tell us about the stories of 17 companies who want to be willing to leave control , like me , and to tell us one of the most fun things , and ultimately , to tell us .
they also made films and movies to tell the story of the mri centers in the brain , where they were used to tell us how they were used to understand the story of the neuromarketing .
we went to san francisco to san francisco .
for the past five years , what &apos;s in the city , the poster , the poster , and there &apos;s nothing .
in america , we went to schools where companies are currently trying to get money .
what &apos;s amazing for me is that the projects that i &apos;ve been able to interact with , or the greatest achievements that i &apos;ve ever got through .
and this is companies .
they removed them , they removed them , and they said , &quot; maybe this is the best one for me . &quot;
i &apos;m not going to be able to direct me .
it &apos;s a different thing to do with it , to think about people , and we &apos;re not going to have the way we think about this world .
so how did this approach have been so successful ?
we &apos;re now going to have a look at the film festival , which is based on a film festival .
on january 1st , the film has done it , and since then , we &apos;ve been able to show about 900 million media films -- just a small part of this event -- about it .
it &apos;s literally a half and a half weeks of time .
these are not just digital data in the digital environment -- print or tv .
the film is even more focused on distribution .
the film is not published in digital environment . it &apos;s not about broadcasting .
and yet we have not been able to meet foreign countries .
so as a result , this film has already begun to win momentum .
and it &apos;s not a bad project , but almost all advertising agencies that we &apos;ve been talking about , recommended that this project be part of the project .
there &apos;s always one thing i believe that i believe in , which is , if you take risks , if you take risks , you can get these opportunities .
i believe that if we &apos;re going to bring people to this , we &apos;re actually going to get people to fail .
i believe that i &apos;m going to be able to use my company , which is , in fact , the whole company of çalışanlarınızı .
so what i feel is that what i need to do to move forward is take people risk .
you can &apos;t get people to get them out of the opportunities .
and ultimately , if we continue , i think we &apos;ll have fear .
so we &apos;ve got to put it in our hands !
it &apos;s the risk of fear . it &apos;s a risk of fear .
every time you take the risk , you can &apos;t risk .
and finally , transparency .
today , we have a little sense , a little bit greater impact than before .
and as a result , i was presented to myself by my friends who bought the rights of &quot; transparency , transparency , transparency and transparency &quot; to all of this talk , and i &apos;m going to ask you , and i &apos;m going to sell it for $ emc .
it &apos;s turning data across the world into great opportunities for all organizations .
it offers transparency to the kucaklayın .
thank you very much kids .
juna williams : well , i ask for transparency , what happened to the $ 7,100 ?
this is an amazing question .
i currently have a czech dollar worth of 7,100 for participation in the ted foundation and ted foundation , which will be used for next year &apos;s ted foundation .
this is a representation of the brain . and you &apos;re going to put your brain in two parts .
the left side is the right side , and the right side of the mantıkla .
and if we do a map of our brains to measure the ability to measure each of our brains , it &apos;s a graph .
for example , this is going to be one of the mantığına trust .
and this is going to be one of the people who are completely trust .
so where do you want to put your brain on this scale ?
for some of us , this may be a very extreme comment , but i think most of you have this kind of audience like this , like this , it looks like this -- both of your brain is in high talent .
it &apos;s a kind of çalışmazlar , or a destekleyen , or a destekleyen .
you can be rational and intuitive .
and then i thought to myself as one of the other quantum mechanics , which is very good , very complicated and complex ideas , to try to get together .
but at the same time , we need a good job for the study .
how can we develop these sezgiyi ? we like to play with something .
so we look at how we look at it , and then we look at it , and then we look at it .
you do the same thing .
and it &apos;s going to be somewhere in a certain place for many years that we &apos;ve been able to do a little bit of hope for a little bit .
and what i &apos;m trying to tell you is that something is going to happen at the same time in two different places , but that &apos;s the concept of what you &apos;re going to think about , is that way .
i remember having a child sitting on a car block .
it was a little bit better , and it wasn &apos;t good about it , it was sitting over .
but he gave him a lesson to play , and he actually taught him a really important lesson , that big things will not allow him to travel and to the whole place where he will remain .
this is a big cognitive model for the world , of course , if you &apos;re not a particle .
it &apos;s a terrible model for a particle , because they &apos;re playing with these strange little particles , and they &apos;re playing with cars .
and when the particles are playing with particles , they find things that really weird things -- that can be where they can be able to pass through walls or at the same time .
and then they call it the quantum theory of quantum theory that they wrote when they read all these experiments .
this was the place where physics was found a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to define small particles .
but in our environment , we didn &apos;t need to define the physical objects .
this is really what i &apos;m going to do with , and maybe it &apos;s very often possible with particles .
sometimes i play , of course , not very often .
and i &apos;ve never seen them .
nobody has ever seen a particle .
but it &apos;s rational to make sense .
because if everything &apos;s going to be small , and the little particles for all the little quantum particles , then why not all the quantum mechanics ?
i don &apos;t see why it doesn &apos;t exist .
and if we do it in a way that quantum mechanics are valid to our everyday lives , i can make myself better .
so a few years ago , i just went on to do this .
and i did one .
this is the first time you see the mechanical quantum mechanics are valid .
what we &apos;re looking at here is a little computer chip .
you can look at this green spot in the middle .
i &apos;m going to talk about this piece of metal in the next minutes .
this is a picture of the cismin .
let &apos;s take a little bit , look at the center .
and here we &apos;re really going to see this little piece of metal , very closely .
now what do we look at this little piece of metal ? it looks like a çıkıntı going through the metal .
i did this in almost a computer where it was done .
i went into a new silicon room with a clean devre , and i was in the middle of about 100 hours , and it was like all the big makinelerde .
in the final phase , i had to do my own makinemi to open a hole under the roof .
this device is enough to create a quantum mechanics , but it needs some help .
this is an example that looks like this .
you know , the crowd is so uncomfortable .
i can always do all sorts of weird actions that i &apos;ve ever been in my head , but i don &apos;t want to do these weird things that i don &apos;t want to do , because i don &apos;t want to be surprised by those people , or maybe i don &apos;t want to do it .
the quantum theory here envisions the same kind of şekiyi of objects .
it &apos;s not just human temperature for objects , but also light on it , the wind and the wind and the chamber .
and we know that if we want to move this piece of metal , then we have to see all of the stuff , if we want to see the quantum mechanics .
that &apos;s what we do .
we closed the air , and we put all the air out of the air , put it in a place , and then we put it in close to zero to zero .
now , as you can see , the metal is moving freely in the way it wants to be part of it .
and then we see the movement .
we found that we were moving in strange ways to move in our csimi .
he &apos;s standing on the floor , he &apos;s standing there , and he &apos;s like he &apos;s making a breath , and he &apos;s like he &apos;s going to breathe .
and by giving him a light force , we have allowed him to do it at the same time , and at the same time , we allowed them to do a quantum thing .
i &apos;m telling you something really cool here .
so what does it mean to both the time and the titreşmesi and the titreşmemesi ?
think about atoms .
örneğimizde : it &apos;s all the little piece of metal , and it &apos;s all the atoms that make up and move down .
it &apos;s just for a moment .
the rest of the time is not specific .
this atomic energy means two different locations at the same time , and that means that this little piece of metal becomes two different places .
i think this is really great .
really .
all these years , i &apos;m going to put myself in a clean room , because it &apos;s the only little piece of atomic , and it &apos;s the difference between the metal and the metal that you &apos;re almost the same as you are .
if a single atomic atoms can be found in two different locations at the same time , where these little metal can be found in two different places , then why can you get two different places ?
it &apos;s just rational to make sense .
imagine if you &apos;re in more than one place right now , how would that happen ?
how do you change your body in space ?
there &apos;s another part of the story .
when we open the lights , we &apos;re looking into the box , we &apos;re still seeing that there are only parts in the box .
and so i had to develop these new objects that i had to develop , and it seems like a tiny , tiny , tiny field of quantum objects that were really stuck inside of the board .
it &apos;s a lot of talk about how quantum mechanics are connected to each other .
well , this isn &apos;t exactly true .
we have more and more than that .
these connections around you are literally defined by who you are exactly who you are , and you &apos;re very deep in quantum mechanics .
thank you .
in 2007 , i decided that i should go back to my business again .
our goal is to ensure that every family can live and work on where they want to live , at least a handful of different cities where they are competing to attract new residents , at least to get a handful of choices .
we &apos;re now very close to this moment , but we &apos;re very far away .
there are billions of people in developing countries and there is no single city ready to open their doors .
but what &apos;s surprising about cities is that they have a lot more to build them .
i mean , dozens of cities are easily available to the world , maybe hundreds of new cities .
if you &apos;re not going to talk about new cities , this may be absurd .
but just put cities in place .
imagine that half of the people who want to live have a agency , half of them don &apos;t have more .
you can try to expand our current capacity by doing all of our capacities .
but what you &apos;re seeing is that it &apos;s going to have rules that are designed to prevent the distribution of those spaces that are surrounded by those areas and those areas that have attention .
so it &apos;s extremely difficult to do all of those things .
but if you can go to a whole new place , you can build a whole new apartment , you can build a whole new set of rules that make it easier to build rules out there .
i offered the cities to reform as big as the cities of the states , and i offered them a pilot .
later , he said , at the time , they were thinking about the challenges of reform in thailand .
they knew they were going to the u.s. for about 4,000 years to go to the united states , and they wanted to ask them what they could do to ensure that they could do the same things .
somewhere in the united states , javier solana said , &quot; if you have to go to a part of the u.s. , you have to go to the united states and get a little bit of the law , if they want to go to canada , if they want to work and then , if they want to go to work on the canada , &quot; and then , if they want to work and then , if they want to work , if they want to work , if they want to go to work on the
in the summer of 2009 , argentina spent a constitutional crisis that was a heart attack .
in the next regular elections , reforms were made in the platform , but at the same time , a battle for reconciliation .
he asked him to head general staff .
at that time , i was going to give you a talk to global .
i tried to fix the process , the process of error and error , as a result of a lot of users , and as a result of this complex , complex , complex , urban design .
the first point is that you can &apos;t come and see the rules , and you can &apos;t get all the houses , like those rules .
we take a lot of attention to new technologies , but technology requires progress and rules , and often the rules that keep us behind .
in the fall of 2010 , a friend from mexico sent a tedtalk to mexico .
he showed this to javier .
they called me .
they said , &quot; we can do this with our leaders of our country . &quot;
so in december , i was in a hotel room in florida .
i tried to explain the idea of how much more valuable cities are than the cost of their cities .
and i used to point out how valuable it is , like the city of new york city , to point out how valuable it is : in some cases , in some cases , thousands of dollars of land .
but it was quite abstract , and it was a moment of silence for a moment , and he said , &quot; paul an , maybe ted . &quot;
so the ted talk was very simple , very simple , and the pilot was able to talk about the rules of the city , starting there , and then there &apos;s a chance for people to live under the rules , to live under the rules and make a living room .
we need this project , which says , is important , that this is the way for our country to move forward .
i was asked to come to the tegucigalpa , and i had to speak again in four of january and four .
i presented a slide of information like this , which is full of information , and i tried to say this : if you want to bring a lot of value to the city , it should be huge .
this is an official , and a new airport built in denver .
this airport alone covers over 100 square metres .
i was trying to convince you about this , if you build a new city , at least 1,000 square miles .
this is over 250 thousand .
everybody was angry .
the faces of the audience are very careful , and everyone is very careful .
&quot; thank you for your talk , we thank you very much , but maybe ted .
here &apos;s the bilgisayarımda . &quot;
so i sat down , and they were my ted talk .
and it comes down to the bottom of the work , and it can offer new options for people .
in the north , it would have been a choice for a city that could have been located hundreds of miles away , instead of mexico .
and they included new options for leaders .
because here &apos;s the leaders of the state in mexico who are required to help the partner countries in their common effort , and they should be able to get the common rules in their implementation , so that they can actually be able to help them .
i think that as a way to enable foreign investors to build the city and build the city , i think it was important for all parties that had been suffering from fear and fear for years , as well as for all different parties .
we went to a space and looked at it .
this picture was taken there .
certainly it could be a thousand square miles .
and shortly after , on january 19th , they voted to change the congress to change the constitution , which allows private development zones to allow them to be adopted .
in a recent congress , the number of voted in favour of constitutional changes in the country since the crisis was voted in favour of a constitutional change .
all parties support it .
for the constitution to be part of it , it has to be necessary for the two times .
on february 17th , they managed again with a vote of 11 .
immediately after that vote , between 21 february and 24 february , delegates went to two places in the world &apos;s most willing city to go into construction .
one is south korea .
this is built in south korea , a big picture of a big city centre -- big city centre .
everything you can see here , four years after they spent their permission , was built in four years .
the other place is singapore , which is very willing to build the city .
in china , they already built two cities and are preparing for third .
so if you think of it as practical , this is where we are .
they have a place ; they &apos;re already starting to think about using this second space .
a law that allows managers to come from , and also put a legal system in place .
a country already has already been volunteers for its own high court , the new legal system there .
there are urban designers who are very willing to do .
we can &apos;t even invest some with them .
but there &apos;s something you already know that there &apos;s a lot of owners .
in the united states , there are many companies that want to be part of free trade space , and there are many people who want to go there .
there are 700 million people in the world who say they want to move somewhere else .
there &apos;s a million people out of latin america who left for the u.s. to go to the u.s.
many of them have to get their family out of work -- sometimes a father who has to pay enough money to buy food or even buy food .
unfortunately , what kind of idea is to think about building a whole new city in chile , where children who have been working in some cases have not seen over the past ten years ?
or what about building dozens of dünya around the world ?
what kind of idea is that every family has a few urban options to attract new residents ?
this is an idea worth spreading .
and my friends wanted you to thank you , ted .
