what do you think you &apos;re better than you are ?
i mean , you can have a better memory with your genes , you can have a better memory , more accurate and faster .
you want to be more broadly , or more robust .
would you like to be more attractive and trusted ?
what about a healthier life ?
maybe you &apos;re just one of the things that you &apos;re more passionate about .
what would you most like ?
you just choose one , which one would you pick ?
audience : creativity creativity
how many of you want creativity ?
raise your hands , look at it .
there &apos;s only a little bit of creative people there .
that &apos;s very good .
how many of you chose the memory ?
a little more .
so what ?
it &apos;s a little bit less .
what about longevity ?
it &apos;s a majority . i don &apos;t want to be a doctor .
if you had one of these , the world would be very different .
is it just a dream ?
or is it possible ?
evolution is a eternal subject , but today i want to give you a doctor &apos;s point of view at ted conference .
an important 20th century explorer wrote an experiment called &quot; nothing in biology , except in the evolution of evolution in biology , except in the russian orthodox church &quot; .
if one of those of you who accept evidence for biological evolution , that &apos;s a good time for me to get your hearing of hearing , and i &apos;ll allow you to take a look at what &apos;s wrong with the book of kathryn schukltz , because it &apos;s not going to tell you any more about it than ever before .
but if you accept biological evolution , think about this : is it just about the past ?
can it be applied to others ? or can it be applied to us ?
this is another view of the tree .
and in this picture , i put a branch in every direction in the center because if you look at the edge of the tree tree , it &apos;s all in the middle of the branches , and it has developed a harmony in the middle of the branches and the environment .
this is a tip of this branch , which is , of course , our most interested people .
we come from a common ancestor , about seven million years ago .
and maybe it &apos;s been about five different kinds of chimpanzees .
some come and gone .
we &apos;ve been here for about 200,000 years .
we can look at other parts of the tree tree , but in fact , for a big part , our cells are very close to the simple system .
are you aware that we &apos;re using the protein protein to treat it from the system of a common bacterium and use it to treat it ?
it &apos;s not exactly the same protein that does not differentiate from the protein of the body , but the chemical equivalent of the protein .
are you aware that we &apos;re taking more bacteria in the rest of our bodies than we are in the rest of our bodies ?
maybe 10 times more .
imagine , antonio maeda when he was talking about confidence , would bacteria come to mind ?
it &apos;s a perfectly consistent environment for bacteria .
warm , dark and moist . it &apos;s a sincere environment .
and they &apos;re going to give them all the food that needs to be done without an effort .
it &apos;s a great life for bacteria , but it &apos;s a very important life for your life , but it &apos;s very important for your life .
bacteria help the eradication of nutrients , and they protect you from some diseases .
but what &apos;s going to happen in the future ?
can we like a kind of evolutionary balance ?
or is it a prisoner ? maybe we can adapt to the environment better . maybe we can adapt to the environment .
so , let &apos;s take a look at the past , a billion years ago , the big bang explosion , the big bang explosion , and the first half of the world &apos;s life came 10,000 years ago in the world , and then 10,000 years ago , after a million years or a billion years ago .
this is a short ölçüt of life in the world that is short and a little bit shorter , and a little bit shorter and more human people .
that &apos;s the same talk .
i hope that the people who make the fun part are , i hope .
the first year in college is the first biology .
and i fell in love with the power of evolution and the beauty of biology , and i found something very important , and i realized that every cell in the formlarında forms of life is basically divided into cells and all the genetic energy in the cells .
but when we come to organisms , things begin to change .
the reproductive goes into effect .
and the rest of the body that is being transmitted to the genome , and then the rest of our relationship with the population , is getting recycled .
in fact , you can say that the death of the death and death of death in the form of death is evolutionary .
i have to admit , i thought , &quot; i &apos;ve got to die , to die , to die , &quot; but i &apos;ve been wondering , over the years , my fears increased .
i understood the sensitivity of george burns , who performed in las vegas .
a night door is stolen .
opening door opens
he sees a beautiful show in front of him .
she says , &quot; i &apos;m here for the super sex . &quot;
george said , &quot; i can get a beautiful , soup . &quot;
i was working as a doctor , and it was different from the purpose of evolution , which was totally different from the purpose of evolution .
i was trying to protect his body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to improve diseases .
i wanted to live healthy and long .
evolution is to adapt to the generation of generations that are related to generation generation and survival .
the evolutionary perspective and i &apos;m going to be able to go down to the next orbit to take the next orbit into the next orbit , and we &apos;re going to be mahkum .
i think we all can understand that we &apos;re all in the way of woody allen . &quot;
i want to save it . &quot;
evolution does not approve the longest living .
it &apos;s either the most powerful or the most powerful , or even the most powerful .
they have to approve the organisms that fit the best fit in evolution .
it &apos;s the only example of survival and achievement .
and the bacteria that love underwater in the ocean , because of heat coming out of the heat , can tell themselves what &apos;s going on in the past , and when we think about the location of human evolution , it &apos;s a lot of possibilities that we look at , and especially the next step .
first of all , we &apos;ve reached a kind of balance .
it &apos;s now going to stop human evolution .
and the reason for this is because we &apos;ve managed to protect our lives through drugs , and we &apos;ve traveled to our environment as much as we can , and we &apos;ve walked out of the environment as much as we can , and we mix , and we mix together .
the second possibility is that natural nature is not imposed by nature of nature .
the argument here is that this process is too heavy .
as long as the isolation is under way , it &apos;s going to be possible , as a species , the natural ones of evolution , the natural selection of evolution and environmental changes .
but there &apos;s a third possibility , and it &apos;s an unpredictable possibility , and it &apos;s terrifying .
what i call utopia evolution is that new evolution is a way that we serve as individuals who are not defining the nature of nature , and that we &apos;re selecting a path that we choose .
how did that happen ?
how did it become possible to do that ?
in fact , when we think about it as real , people can choose about their children .
in some cultures , parents are more choosing to have boys .
there is no opportunity for society , but individuals and families are choosing that direction .
imagine if it &apos;s not a simple sex choice , it would be possible if you had genetic changes that would improve your body or protect your body from disease .
would you have genetic changes that would reduce the disease and alzheimer &apos;s disease , reduce the risk of cancer , to reduce the risk to zero ?
would you want to make these changes ?
if we look at the future , these kind of choices are becoming increasingly probable .
the human genome project started in 1990 , and it took about three years .
it &apos;s about $ 4.5 billion .
one year after the conclusion , you could do the same job in 2004 in three or four months .
today , you can get 1.4 trillion pairs of genes , and you can get it within a week .
the cost of a gen and a gene map that everybody can reach is possible .
a week ago , the national engineering academy gave the ödülünü prize to francis arnold and jan stemmer , who developed an independent techniques that speed up the natural workings of evolution .
a few years ago , the ödülü prize scientist , gene authoritarian , was the değişiklikler of the adult skin cell , and these changes could make it possible to make any cell on the road .
we can create environmentalists , who are not only against the other vaccines that allow us to produce human flesh , but also against other vaccines .
whether it &apos;s or not , it &apos;s going to continue to develop a vaccine to develop a vaccine that is in the cells of the tobacco plant .
can you imagine that there could be something good from the grain ?
these are the present facts and more of the future .
you can change the cells in your body .
imagine if you can change your child &apos;s cells ?
if you have a chance to change the sperm and the eggs , or you have a chance to change the egg egg , you can get a healthy life of your child and you can lose your child &apos;s disease .
who doesn &apos;t want a healthier child ?
and then the same thing that we can do with the same analytical technology is that the same system can be able to achieve a better memory for us than to protect diseases .
why do you have a lot more rapid muscle , especially if you don &apos;t have the playful skills of ken jennifer , and you have more rapid muscle to get faster and longer ?
why would you live longer ?
they &apos;re going to be konulamaz .
and with the future generation , we &apos;re going to be in the form of the old form of evolution that we are in the form of what we &apos;re doing , and we &apos;re going to be olacağız .
normally , the process that would require 10,000 years is probably about 100 years , or perhaps the options that your grandchildren will have .
will we use these options to make society better ? better , more gentle .
or are we going to make the community more boring for some of us , or are we going to bring society more boring or more robust ?
the questions we have to face .
and seriously , can we possibly be the heir of wisdom to make these elections wise ?
for better or worse , it &apos;s going to depend on us .
thank you .
now i want you to imagine a robot that can give you a prosthetic that will give you a sense of mental skills or to stand up and stand up .
we call them the &quot; robot skeleton . &quot;
these are actually the things that you &apos;re going to do in the morning when you &apos;re in the morning , giving you extra support , giving you your extra support , and that &apos;s going to help you make the truth in real terms .
it &apos;s not just that , but it &apos;s also a thing that connects to the world and the other devices that you can connect with them .
it &apos;s not just a product of imagination .
it &apos;s clearly evident that the american soldiers , who carry the average 100 pounds on their feet , start talking about the american soldiers , who are willing to carry out their sakatlıkları , which is why 30 percent of them are causing a number of important breakthroughs .
so we thought we needed to take this issue and create a skeleton that would help solve this problem .
i &apos;ve met you now with the i̇kyt , &quot; a massive load of charge for people . &quot;
i can spend a lot of time on the surface of 1,200 pounds of pound in different fields .
it allows flexible design , çökme , sürünme and çeviklik .
what i want to do is to see where i want to go , and it increases power and balances .
we &apos;re ready for this this new skeleton to go to the market this year together with our partner .
so that &apos;s a real phenomenon .
now let &apos;s look at something else that i &apos;m particularly excited about : wheelchair chairs .
it &apos;s estimated that there are five million people on the planet -- a million people .
that &apos;s about one percent of the population .
it &apos;s actually an optimistic estimate .
there &apos;s a lot more of their lives in the back of the &apos; 70s , in the &apos; 70s , in the &apos; 70s , and we &apos;re talking about the young people who have the only opportunity to have a wheelchair .
however , the older population is increasingly becoming more .
and the only option is the only option for a stroke or another disorder .
this is something that has been done in the last 500 years , in fact , since successful .
so we thought we needed to open a new page on mobility .
now i &apos;m going to show you 19 years before the spinal damage , and as a result of that , i &apos;d like to introduce the system of legs , which has been so far -- that we &apos;ve been running out of -- and that &apos;s what amanda ross , who has been running up until now .
thank you .
you see amanda &apos;s legs over here .
they have sensors .
the system that sends signals to the control unit , which send signals to amanda &apos;s back , is not going to harm the body .
there &apos;s also a battery box that drives the engines and the muscles on the muscles and the diz , which allows him to move easily and naturally .
when i was a alp in skiing skiing , i was at age 24 , when i was a korkunç , and i was at the height of the shape .
suddenly i started to feel like i was walking from the waist .
shortly after that , a doctor arrived in the hospital , and she said , &quot; amanda , unfortunately , it &apos;s not going to stop . &quot;
this was exactly 19 years ago .
at that moment , the doctor burned all my hopes .
i &apos;ve learned to ski again through the teknoloji technology , climbing rocks and even using a bike .
but it didn &apos;t invent anything that could make me go . so far .
thank you .
we have technology as you can see , there are platforms where we can sit with you .
everything is in our hands . we have the potential to change the lives of future generations , but not just the soldiers here or amanda , but the people of the wheelchair .
thank you .
in new york , i &apos;m going to be the development of a nonprofit organization called robin harris .
when i don &apos;t fight poverty , i &apos;m a volunteer officer , sergeant , as a volunteer officer .
now , in our village , volunteers provide support as highly skilled professional advisers , and you have to go to a very long time to intervene .
i remember the first fire .
my second volunteer in the case , i had a high chance to be involved in the case .
but there was a huge challenge to expect the captain to be at the beginning of the mission , and to understand what our job was .
when i found his son , he was a very quiet person with his host , and she was probably the worst in her life .
in the middle of the night , the rain stood beneath the rain , under the roof , the pijamaları , the house , the house , the alevler .
just before me , the other volunteer , let &apos;s call it the mahaline , let &apos;s call it lex luther , before me , and he was asked to get the dog &apos;s dog .
the dog ! i fell up .
and the person who &apos;s running the money there would say that , in the rest of his lifetime , he would go into a building that was burned in the rest of his lifetime , and he &apos;d save a living creature .
and i was there .
he called me the captain .
he said , &quot; i want to go home .
i want you to go up , keep the flames , and i want to bring a pair of shoes to this woman . &quot;
i swear .
i mean , it wasn &apos;t what i expected , but i went , i went to the stairs , i went to the end of the corridor , and i went to the bed room , and i went to the bed room for a couple of shoes .
i know what you &apos;re thinking , but i &apos;m not a hero .
i cut the burden of my mission down the stairs , where i met the enemy , and the valuable dog in the front door .
we took our secrets to the house of the house , naturally , more interest than me .
a few weeks later , the department received a letter from the owner of the house , who thanked us for having been able to save her home .
the other thing was that he had a polite behavior on the other thing : somebody even brought her shoes .
i also experienced a huge scale in my job as a volunteer worker at robin harris , and i also witnessed a huge scale of generosity and courage , but i also witnessed personal dignity and courage .
and you know what ?
it &apos;s all important .
and when you look at people in this room who have been able to achieve a success or catch a success , i can offer you this phrase : don &apos;t wait .
don &apos;t expect anyone to win the first person to make a change in life .
if you want to give it , let me now give you .
and then serve the food house at home , clean up a park .
be a human being .
we can &apos;t afford a person &apos;s life every day , but every day it gives us an opportunity to affect a person .
so , take the action -- the shoes save .
thank you .
mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i came up with a community that was just a new , human secrets .
this is a place where women are competing to demonstrate themselves , and that &apos;s where the rules of the day are being played , and the rules are a serious business .
oh , that &apos;s the space man or san francisco .
i &apos;ve met you guys , and they &apos;re happy .
this is the world of the world of bonobos in the old-growth forests .
along with other chimpanzees , bonobos are the nearest closest to you .
that means a evolutionary grandmother who lived about 40 million years ago .
now , chimpanzees are known .
but unfortunately , we &apos;ve done a lot of emphasis on the human evolution , which is really much more nuanced .
but the bonobos show us the other face of the medal .
chimpanzees are under the control of the great scary men , while the bonobo community is run by females .
these guys really have gotten something , because this has led to a very high degree of tolerance that has not yet been seen as a deadly punishment .
but unfortunately , bonobos are the least anlaşılanı of the ape species .
they live in the depths of the congo , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s very difficult to study them .
congo is an extraordinary state of biological diversity and beauty , but it also claimed that the wild conflicts , which have lasted for decades , were the scene of wild conflicts and about the world war ii .
it &apos;s not surprising that the destruction of the destruction of this destruction is not going to be endangered .
it means that meat trade and forests mean that we &apos;re not going into a small stadium in the world , and we &apos;re not sure to be honest .
in spite of this , you can hear the hidden secret gülüşmeleri in the trees of violence and chaos .
who are these brothers ?
we know them as the &quot; loving , savaşmayan &quot; monkeys because they &apos;re very often , in front of us , to control conflicts and solve social issues .
now , i don &apos;t say that this is a solution to all of the problems of humanity because there are more in the life of the bonobo than the kama .
bonobos , like humans , they like to play games throughout their lifetime .
the game is not just for children .
for us , for them , the game is a basis for building and boosting tolerance .
the game is where we learn the game rules , which we learn .
play increases creativity , the resilience , and the game is about the diversity of generation generation -- interaction diversity diversity diversity .
and you &apos;ll see the very evolutionary roots of the people in the game when you see the game , dancing and dances .
it &apos;s a piece that keeps us together .
now , i don &apos;t know how you play , but i want to show you a couple of spectacular clips .
first of all , this is a sort of a bonobo uyunu , and i don &apos;t mean baseball .
here &apos;s a young female , a young female who went into the shooting game .
look at what it does .
it must be a origin of a former term , &quot; he has caught him from his grave . &quot;
i think it &apos;s very happy with that , right .
yes .
well , sex play is pervasive in both people and in the chimps .
and this video is really interesting , because it turns out -- this video is really interesting , because it shows you the ability to bring things that are not being used to game , like the ones that are not being used to play , and also how it needs to trust it .
but the game is something that changes shape .
but the game is something that changes the shape , and a lot of them can enter , some of them are more sessizdir , more meraklı , more enthusiastic , maybe a place where the river is explored .
and i want you to see , this is a young female , a young female , and she &apos;s playing with water .
and i think , like that , we &apos;re going to play sometimes , and we find the boundaries of our inner and external world .
and that &apos;s a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a oyunlu thing , and then we &apos;re going to have connections that we &apos;re building .
these are small compounds that the bonobo offers us to the present and the present of our current time .
but it &apos;s also a future that we need to be able to create secrets in our future , and we need to get a bigger way of greater creativity and greater co-operation in order to adapt to the world .
the secret is that play is the key to all these capacities .
in other words , play is our norm , our uyumsal .
we need play in order to adapt to a successful world .
but will we do most of the games ?
it &apos;s not meaningless .
there &apos;s no play .
life is not just the bone and for the people in the mouth .
it may be the most important when the game seems to be the most unnecessary .
and here , i &apos;m my ancestor of my primate , let &apos;s see this gift coming from evolution , and we can play creativity , friendship and merağı .
thank you .
i want you to imagine two pairs of dreaming -- the same day in the middle of the year , in the middle of the same day , every pair of babies -- ok .
each of these two couples is making a baby .
i don &apos;t want you to imagine a little bit of the baby , because you spend a lot of time thinking about it , you don &apos;t listen to me .
now imagine that moment only .
and in this scenario , and i want you to imagine this in an example , the sperm y carries the chromosome , connect the egg chromosome .
and in the other case , the sperm is carrying the chromosome in the chromosome , and it connects the chromosome chromosome .
they &apos;re alive , they &apos;re going to go .
we &apos;re going to return to these people again .
i &apos;m wearing two sticks in my work .
in one of these , i &apos;m doing the anatomy history .
i &apos;m a history professor , and my work in this field is how people are interested in the anatomy of human beings -- human and animal bodies -- the perspectives of body bodies , the bodies of body .
the other thing i &apos;m doing in my work is a patient &apos;s spokeswoman as a lawyer -- or sometimes as i say , i &apos;m using a bir advocate -- i use doctors for the patients .
in these cases , the people of the people i work are challenging social norms .
so part of the people i &apos;m working with , for example , are two people , one in one body .
some of the people i work with are the ones that are very short , very short .
and a large part of the people that i work with are hiv-positive male men -- so standard male or standard female body .
we use the term terimini term for this .
there are many different forms of gender .
i &apos;m going to give you a couple of gender examples that don &apos;t fit with standard male or female standards .
in some of these , you have one of the chromosomes in your genome , and y chromosome has the gene gene , and the gene is in the body of the cenin , which tells us that the fetus is in the body .
and so the more testistler are beginning to pump testosterone .
but the lack of these different neurons is not a testesterona .
and this syndrome is called the syndrome syndrome .
there &apos;s a lot of testosterone , but there &apos;s no reaction .
as a result , body is moving towards more feminine kooks .
when the baby is born , she looks at her .
it &apos;s grown like a girl and a girl .
and this girl is going on until the teenage age , and the girl grows , and she starts growing , but he &apos;s not going to be here , but he &apos;s not going to figure out what &apos;s happening here .
and in order to understand , the tests are starting to be done , and instead of a baby and a baby , there &apos;s testosterone inside this girl , and there &apos;s a y chromosome .
now the key thing that needs to be to be expected is that you can imagine that these guys are actually men , but they &apos;re not men .
women , like men , in our bodies , have these structures called liver worms .
it &apos;s the back side of our bodies .
and kidney tumors produce insulin , so the male hormone .
so many women like me -- i accept myself as a typical woman -- i don &apos;t know if i don &apos;t know my own chromosome status , but i probably think that i &apos;m very typical .
we &apos;re producing antibiotics , and we respond to the antibodies .
as a result , someone like me is more likely to have more antibiotics than the obese syndrome syndrome with the fetus .
in short , gender work is really complicated , and there are only people between all these sex frequencies that have no other gender problems .
another example of a couple of years ago , he called me a 19-year-old man , who was born as a boy , who was a boy who had been born as a girl , and she was a young man who had a little bit of her life and a short time ago , and she had her wife and her wife .
however , there is a situation called the very extreme and the fazlalığı of the fetus .
and the second chromosome has a lot of work , and in his mother &apos;s mother , she &apos;s got a lot of work , and he actually created a ortamı of hormone .
and as a result , sexual organs have a lot of sex , and it has a lot of feminine hormones .
and it looks like a male -- no one is scared of anything .
and until that age of 19 , it continued to go through the age of 19 , and then some medical problems started to live , and that was the reason that this young man was a woman .
ok , so i &apos;m going to go back to another example of what you can be .
part of the people who have the dodo chromosome , they develop a hormone , so you have cervical tissue , and it &apos;s covered with cervical tissue tissue .
we don &apos;t know why this is happening .
in short , the sex has a very different variety .
it wants these kids to have these creatures , whether they want to be naked , or arası , or arası -- they &apos;re usually transformed into surgery , but psychological feels better .
in many cases , these people are very healthy .
the reason for those involved operations is that they threaten social our social networks .
or in general , the system is based on certain individuals to come to certain identities .
there &apos;s a concept that means that we have a concept to have women &apos;s identity , and to be african-american , we have to have african anatomy .
we have a very , very simple idea .
and when we face a body , it tells us something much differently , and that &apos;s what it looks like .
so our culture has very romantic ideas about it .
and in fact , it was built on a very romantic idea in our country .
you can imagine how it started , when you were born with two people , your children were born .
i &apos;ve been involved in this ateşli situation last year , when i was in the south african runner , the caster of the international contests in berlin .
many journalists asked me to search for me and see what tests were going to be done to find out what &apos;s going to be done with male or female men .
and i had to explain to reporters that there was no test .
now we know that we have to recognize that gender is not too complicated and as a cartoon as men and women , or between men and women , or between men and gender .
now we &apos;ve come to a komuma , and we think that science is more complex than we have to admit to ourselves , and we think that these categories are more complex than we can think of .
and that &apos;s not just a gender .
at the same time , as a race , it &apos;s much more complicated than the permission of that .
we &apos;re going to get more uncomfortable .
for example , the dna is 95 percent of our dna .
is it just a couple blocks that make us different from them ?
and in science , in science , we &apos;re going towards a much more disturbing point , which is simply a little bit more uncomfortable with the fact that we simply have to accept the fact that we simply put forward a little bit of it .
and we see this in every aspect of human life .
for example , what we see in our culture today is another example that we see in america , and the discussion of life .
we have different opinions about when the body decides to be different from the form of the body .
now , when someone &apos;s killed -- probably as far as you &apos;re in medicine -- we &apos;re discussing very hard issues .
when our ancestors were killed in the past , they were so vulnerable to this question .
they were wearing feather , mostly under the nose of the person , and they were wearing the feather .
they were crying .
but today , we &apos;re trying to do this very hard question to take the human organs and give it to other people , and make it a lot harder to do , and it brings us to the very simple , very difficult spots that we &apos;ve done .
now , many of you might think that these broken categories make me happy .
i &apos;m a political innovation , i argue , but i should admit that i have to admit , but i should admit that i even worry about it .
it makes me think that these categories are much more variable than we think .
and it &apos;s growing to me thinking about democracy .
to give you all these tensions , i first think i &apos;m a big fan of the founders of america .
i know they were racist and they had sex , but they were great .
so it &apos;s very courageous and courageous , so i watch a couple of years , so i watch &quot; 2015 &quot; play , not just because of very easy music .
it &apos;s about what the americans are .
my idea is that the founders of the united states , the original anatomic activists , that &apos;s why .
what they reject is the cognitive concept , and they changed it with something else , and that &apos;s nice , it keeps us in 200 years .
as you all remember , the concept of the concept of the monarchy and the monarchy is based on a very simple concept of anatomy .
the giants of the former world were unaware of the dna concept , but they had the concept of rights that had gained .
they had the concept of the elite .
they had the idea that people who could be in political power would have the strength to come from the family , and they had the political power of the blood .
our founders rejected this idea , and they changed it to another geometry , and that concept was equal .
they were able to balance the field of play , and they decided that they had similarities , rather than differences , and that was a very radical movement .
now they did some of this because they were part of the enlightenment system that was together together .
and on the other hand , there was a rise in science , at the same time .
and this is very obvious , if you look at the history of our founders , many of them are interested in science , and you &apos;ll see that it &apos;s about the concept of the world .
they were coming out of the supernatural statements , and they were thinking of concepts like an uncertain supernatural force .
it &apos;s moving towards a more primal approach .
if you look at the declaration of independence , you &apos;ll see that they &apos;re talking about nature and nature .
they talk about god and god &apos;s nature .
they &apos;re talking about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
so part of this was about the concept that they brought to us .
and they did this in a very beautiful way to bring human rights movements in the future .
they didn &apos;t think that &apos;s going to happen , but they did for us and that &apos;s remarkable .
so what happened years later ?
what happens to the women who want to have the right to vote , and what they say is that the anatomy is much more important than differences , and that woman said , &quot; we don &apos;t have the right to have the right to have a full degree of citizenship , and we don &apos;t have the right to get property . &quot;
and women discussed this .
and then we came up with a successful human rights movement , and we found people who said , &quot; i &apos;m not a woman . &quot;
and the men who walk in front of the human rights movement and say , &quot; i am a man . &quot;
again , the color of people in the colors of the people came in a more successful way .
we also saw the same thing as a disability .
the problem here is , when we start to see the similarities , we start to question why we do these things .
now notice , i want you to make certain optical gaps in our culture .
for example , i don &apos;t want to give a fish to a fish .
i don &apos;t want to say the anatomy entirely .
i don &apos;t want to do five years of sexual or marriage .
there are certain anatomic gaps , you know , and we need to recognize it .
but what &apos;s really hard to do here is what we need to do and why we need to make it , what is the meaning of what we need to do .
so let &apos;s go back to two double pairs that make this baby .
we have two sons , two of them in the middle of 1964 , and they were in the middle of the day .
one of these is mary , mary , three months earlier , so she was born on 1 january 1980 .
on the other hand , henry was born on april 1st 1980 .
so mary had three months before the birth of the entire rights of the entire rights of the entire rights of the whole rights , as mary was born three months ago , with the right to vote .
for all of these things , henry is supposed to wait , not because it &apos;s a different age , but because it &apos;s a different age .
we found other things about what their rights were .
henry , because he &apos;s not just a male , i don &apos;t even tell you that she &apos;s the norm , because he &apos;s responsible for the fact that she &apos;s not in charge of her military service , because she &apos;s not just a man .
the mary , meanwhile , does not have the rights that henry has in all states .
henry is married with a woman in all states , mary is married in a couple of states today .
so , as you can see , there &apos;s still a lot of problems and sorgulanabilir in many ways .
and i &apos;m looking at this question , and what are we going to do with the science of science that we &apos;re going to have to think about when we get to a point where we &apos;re going to be able to get into parts of democracy ?
i don &apos;t want to give up science , but i &apos;m also feeling like the science of our future .
where are we going to go ?
in our culture , it looks like a kind of pragmatic attitude : &quot; okay , we have to draw these lines out there , so we &apos;re going to take these lines somewhere . &quot;
but many face strange situations .
for example , at some point we decided to have a male chromosome to marry a man , and you have to have y chromosome to marry a woman .
they don &apos;t test the chromosomes in practice .
but it &apos;s very strange because i tell you about the obese syndrome that i tell you .
now , if we look at our founders , dr. martin luther king , dr. martin king , he offers us a solution .
we need to judge the people in the color , &quot; he says , adding that we should judge the characters more than the anatomy .
and i want to say , &quot; oh , this seems like a really good idea . &quot;
but how do you do that in practice ?
how do you judge people based on their character ?
at the same time , i want to emphasize that i &apos;m not quite sure how we should distribute the rights of people , because i have to admit that some of the golden sharks i know are getting more social services than some people .
in fact , i think it &apos;s much more knowledgeable , intelligent and mature than people i know about the sexual sex in some yellow labrador dogs i know .
so how are we going to make the character &apos;s content work ?
it looks like a very difficult job .
and i &apos;m also wondering that the character of the character might be in the future , and can you see the mri ?
we really want to move forward to this point .
i &apos;m not sure where we go .
something i know is that the problem of thinking about the leadership of the united states is very important .
we &apos;ve done very good work with democracy , and i think we &apos;re going to get good jobs in the future .
we don &apos;t have an environment like iran , for example , when a male gives a sexual request , but if it agrees to change gender , it allows us to live without death .
we have no such conditions .
i &apos;m happy that there are no situations like this -- a few years ago i talked to a surgeon , separated the feminine twins to make a name .
but when i was talking about the phone , i asked him why he did a risky surgery , so that he had to do so badly in their countries .
and my answer was , &quot; well , how do you think about the right to the political asylum ?
america offers people incredible possibilities , allowing them to live as they are .
so i think we should be in leadership .
before i finished my talk , i &apos;d like to propose to you about our partners .
and i ask you to think about what we &apos;re going to do with our mothers , and to think about what democracy looks like .
and i want to tell you a little bit about a feminist , especially when there are different kinds of biologists who think there are different kinds of genetics .
now i &apos;ve been interested in gender inequality issues , and i &apos;m also interested in gender change research .
and another thing i &apos;m particularly interested in is the differences between women and the idea of the world opinions and the world opinions .
and in comparison , we know about cultural studies , women are more susceptible to the average social relationships , not all in average , but in a group of people who are more susceptible to human relationships than they are .
if we think about it , there &apos;s a very interesting situation .
several years ago , one of my professors who knew that i was interested in my studies -- i was a feminist , and i still have asked me a very strange question .
he said to me , &quot; what is the feminist ? &quot;
i thought , &quot; this is the stupidest question i &apos;ve heard in my life . &quot;
your sex is not all about stereotypes , so the feminist is nothing feminine . &quot;
but the question about the question is , i started thinking about something that might be feminine .
let &apos;s say that there are things , the average female brain is different from the male brain , and it makes us more careful in social relationships .
whereas we were very excited about the protection of american people in america , if we were more able to get more mothers into this than a concept , but we knew how to protect each other .
perhaps the place we need to go in the future is that we &apos;re going to think about the body , we think about the body of the individual , and we think more about the body .
so when we humans try to create more perfect units , we think we can do what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i &apos;m a programmer and this is my calculus .
but before i showed you what happened to you , i would admit something , i was obsessed with the room .
i love finding , and i &apos;m going to take pictures of a different color , and i &apos;m going to take photos of different colors and crazy clothes for every situation .
but i don &apos;t buy anything new .
i take all the clothes and take the second hand from the savings store .
so , thank you .
the second el shopping allows me to reduce the impact on the environment and reduce the impact on the environment .
i meet all sorts of wonderful people -- money usually goes to a good place -- and i look very different -- and that &apos;s my own personal treasure , like my own personal treasure .
what are i going to find today ? i say .
will it be my body ?
i would like color ?
are you under 20 dollars ?
if all the answers are yes , i feel like i won .
i want to go back to the diagram , and i &apos;m going to show you what i &apos;ve done for this exciting week .
who would bring all these clothes together ?
so i &apos;m going to show you exactly what i &apos;m doing .
i brought seven çift , all that .
i just put a week of internal laundry in this .
i got a bet that i could find that everything i could want to wear when i came to the palm springs .
and before you don &apos;t know me , i was a woman walking around ted , which means that i found a couple of things .
and now i want to show you a week of my little clothes .
sounds nice ?
and when i do that , i &apos;m going to tell you a couple of life lessons , or believe , none of them are new .
let &apos;s start on sunday .
i call this bright tiger .
you don &apos;t have to spend a lot of money to look at it .
you can see almost 50 dollars below the almost 50 dollars .
all these clothes , including clothing , were the cost of 55 dollars , and that was the most expensive .
pm : color must be strong .
if you &apos;re wearing bright red pants , it &apos;s almost impossible to be a bad mood .
if you &apos;re lucky , you &apos;re going to have other happy people .
tuesday : the coherent dress is exaggerated .
i spent a lot of my life on my own , and i also spent the same time practicing .
no one &apos;s ever .
if you go to the right people , they will not be able to understand that , if they do that .
wednesday : welcome your child .
sometimes people tell me a lot about play , or i remind them of their presence in seven years .
i like to laugh and say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
thursday : most importantly , trust itself .
if you think you &apos;re a good thing about something , it &apos;s absolutely .
and if you think you &apos;re not going to be good at something , you probably think .
this day i grew up with a mother and a mother who said this day .
but i realized what it meant , but i got 30 years old .
and i &apos;m just going to put it in a second .
if you believe you &apos;re a nice person in the outside and outside , there &apos;s no one that can take your eye .
so we have no sacrifice to this crowd here .
we &apos;re going to make it when we want to impress it .
thank you .
friday : a universal reality -- five words for you : it &apos;s a golden adhesive thing .
and finally , saturday : it &apos;s a great way to tell the whole world that you have to develop your unique personal thinking to say something you can do .
this week , i was able to again again prove that there were people who came back to me and again , and we had very good conversations .
this is obviously not going to make my little valizime .
before i go to brooklyn , i will save everything .
because the lesson that i &apos;m trying to learn to myself this week is just letting me go .
it doesn &apos;t need to be emotionally attached to these clothes , because , always , every corner is waiting for me to see me , colorful , colorful clothes , if i look at my heart and look at my heart .
thank you very much .
thank you .
everybody , good evening .
there &apos;s something i want to show you .
think of it as a piksel .
we call it intelligent design .
i &apos;m going to talk a little bit about this .
now , let &apos;s take this picture -- i &apos;m actually a italyanım , and every male boy in brazil grows up with this picture , and this is something that has happened in the past decade .
a time ago , you would take the money to win a race 1 racing race and buy it a good driver and car .
and if the car and the driver is good enough , you win the race .
today , in order to win the race , you need something like this -- the car is real time , and it &apos;s a bunch of thousand sensors that get information from the car , and then it &apos;s a system that allows you to go back to the car and turn the information back to the car .
in the engineering mode , it &apos;s called real-time control system .
basically a system consists of two components -- a perception component and a operating component .
today , what &apos;s interesting is that real-time control systems are in our lives .
our cities have been covered by networks , electronic equipment .
they &apos;re like open air computers .
and they react in different ways , like computers in the open air , and they react in different ways .
if we can bring our cities to a very important situation .
i want to talk about one side as a side , but only two percent of the kabuğunun of our cities account for the world , but it covers percent of the world &apos;s population .
they constitute five percent of energy consumption ; they &apos;re responsible for the sekseninden of co2 emissions .
if we can do something about our cities , it will be important .
beyond the cities , all this perception and operating are also affecting objects everyday .
this was an exhibition by paola valotto in the summer for the summer in the summer .
&quot; speak with me &quot; .
we have our brains , our environment , our environment .
in a sense , all atoms in the world are both capable of being both sensors and operating components .
and that &apos;s what happens as people in the way that we think about the sound in the outside .
in a sense , it &apos;s like michelangelo &apos;s dream .
you know , when moses was doing his statue , he finally took it and he said , moses , he &apos;s got a little çentik -- and he said , &quot; what &apos;s wrong with non ? &quot; and he said , &quot; what are you doing ? &quot;
for the first time today , our environment has started talking with us .
and i &apos;ll show you a few examples of the idea of perception and spatial .
let &apos;s start with perception .
the first project i want to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
it was in italy four and a half years ago .
and what we &apos;re doing there is that all the world is distributed to the whole world -- a network of mobile phones -- a network that &apos;s used in time , and it &apos;s going to try to figure out how the city works using anonymous and scattered information .
we &apos;re lucky -- 2006 .
japan won the world cup .
some of you would remember , italy was playing france with france , and finally he ended up with a player .
anyway , he won the netherlands .
i want to take attention to those who are now on the network , watching what &apos;s on the net .
here you see the city .
you see mcdonald in the middle , the riverside river .
the morning before the match .
you see the time on the top .
people in various places are doing search and they move .
the game starts ; there &apos;s silence .
france scored the goal . the goal is to kick off .
the first half ends , people are asking someone to find their toilet needs .
second half . the normal duration of the game ends .
the first half of the end is the second half .
it &apos;s a moment of shooting in his head .
italy wins . yes !
everybody went to the center of city to celebrate that night .
you see the big intensity .
the next day , everyone gathered in downtown downtown to meet the prime minister and prime minister .
and then everybody went to the bottom of the map .
here you see this place called the marco massimo , where people have been here to celebrate the celebration of the roman times -- there &apos;s a big party , and you see a big party at the end of the day .
just one of the examples that we could use to perceive this city was that we couldn &apos;t do it a few years ago .
let &apos;s give a quick example of perception : it &apos;s not about these people , but it &apos;s about the materials that we use and we consume .
we know how our products come from today .
this map shows where a mac chip is coming together and how they come together .
but we know little about where these items go .
so in this project , we developed small tags that were moving into the system in the system .
so , about a year ago , we started with a few volunteers in seattle , where they were going to take their belongings , and you can see the various things that they &apos;re taking -- you can see these things already .
and then we followed a small chip , a small label , put it on the trash .
these are the results we get .
seattle seattle seattle
a week later .
we found that the system is very inefficient .
we can actually do the same thing with less energy .
this is not the data before .
but there are no transportation and complicated events .
but we believe that we are still in the world where we &apos;re wasted every day .
and if we realize that the bubble is permanent .
we can encourage people to make a change in their behavior .
that was the purpose of the project .
mit &apos;s colleague at mit , abdulkadir hanson , can give a lot more information about perception and can tell the incredible things that can be done with perception , but i want to go to the second part that we &apos;re talking about , and that &apos;s what we &apos;re talking about .
the first project is what we did in spain a few years ago .
the mayor of the city began with a question that he came to us , and there &apos;s a nice tradition about using the architecture in the public in spain and south europe .
the question was : how could technology be added to this ability , the new technology ?
one of the ideas that was developed at mit on a atelye study was about opening the gates , with a pipeline that had a pipeline .
you create a wall that is comprised of water .
if you go down , you can create the text , you can create patterns , images , text , text .
and you can go through it , you can see it , you can see it in this picture .
we presented it to the mayor of the municipality .
he loved it .
and it &apos;s been deployed to design a building in the entrance .
we called the building the digital water expo .
the entire building is comprised of water .
there &apos;s no door or window , but it &apos;s going to be open when you watch it .
the roof will be covered with water .
and if there &apos;s a bit of wind , you can download the roof a little bit .
or you can turn the building , and it &apos;s all going to disappear .
this winter , when they come to the roof , they &apos;re going to go and visit the building , and they tell us , &quot; they burned the building . &quot;
no , they don &apos;t stop building the building , they just get out of the building .
you can see how the building works here .
here you see people who are trying to learn what happens inside the building .
and i &apos;m trying to avoid the sansörleri that runs the water here .
i &apos;m going to tell you what happens when we &apos;re not working at night .
it was even more fun tonight .
all the young people in zagreb came to the building because the building had changed .
it was no longer for you to get into the building , but we still have holes and cracks in the water floor , and you have to walk through it .
it &apos;s very interesting for us , because architects , engineers and designers always think about how people can use things we design .
but what &apos;s going to happen is it &apos;s hard to guess .
this is the importance of doing things that are used on the side of the people .
this is a view of the building , which has these physical spaces , and it &apos;s an image of the building that is built on the surface .
and this has enabled you to think about the project that i &apos;m going to show you now .
imagine that these are the uçabildiğini .
imagine you have little helicopters that can move in air , and think of the lights that are changing in each of them -- a cloud that can move in space .
here &apos;s the video .
in your life , as we &apos;ve seen before , it &apos;s a helicopter that is synchronized with similar examples .
you can get this kind of cloud .
you can have a kind of flexible screen , like this -- two-dimensional konfigürasyon .
or it &apos;s a regular , three-dimensional , three-dimensional thing that is changing , not the location of the square .
you can play a different kind of thing .
imagine that your screen suddenly can be changed in different scales or dimensions , in various contexts .
but all of this is a three-dimensional cloud cloud that can go through and you can see in many ways .
this is actually coming down to create the regular v pattern you &apos;ve seen earlier .
you see the fact that you &apos;re looking at the light , so it &apos;s the same as we &apos;ve seen before .
and think of each of them being managed by people .
every single box is controlled by the actions of people , or with their actions .
i &apos;m going to show you the first time here .
with one of the leading ballet singers today , we worked with one of the main ballet artists in new york , in new york , in the city and milan scala in new york , and we captured their actions in 3d .
you can see roberto dancing here .
you see the footage on the left , which is being captured on the left .
it &apos;s also used for 3d real-time scan and action .
so the whole movement from the beginning of the whole movement .
you can reconstruct it .
it &apos;s possible to play and play with them and interact with them and interact with them .
so we want to use this as a possible girdi for the drone .
i want to show you the last project that we &apos;ve ever seen .
what we &apos;re working on for the olympics in london .
it &apos;s called cloud .
so here &apos;s the idea that we can change the environment by getting people doing things , and we &apos;re going to change our environment , and that &apos;s what we call the cloud .
think everybody contributes to a transistor .
and what &apos;s interesting about it in recent years is that , in the last decade , we &apos;ve been able to switch from the physical world to virtual world .
we &apos;ve digitized all information , and we &apos;ve made it available through the internet .
for the first time today -- and it &apos;s shown us that obama &apos;s election campaign -- the digital world , we transition from the power of networks to the physical force .
in our case , we want to use it to design and build the mark .
that means built in a city .
but tomorrow , to overcome the challenges that are waiting for us today -- think about climate change or co2 emissions -- how we can transition from the digital world to physical world .
there was a idea for people to do it collectively .
it &apos;s a cloud of clouds that can create a cloud of clouds from the molecules .
and those particles are a cloud of clouds that are made up of the cloud .
it &apos;s a physical structure covered in london .
they can walk around and experience different kinds of experience .
you can share the most important moments of the events and the beginning of the events , and then you can be a serious tool for individuals to connect with society .
it &apos;s going to be possible to have a cloud in the sky , and it &apos;s going to be up to the bottom , like london &apos;s new mountain .
you can go in .
and it &apos;s going to be a new kind of urban icon -- but it &apos;s going to be a new experience for anyone who &apos;s going to come up .
thank you .
it &apos;s very important for me as a artist .
i &apos;m trying to find out that people are not separate from nature , and that everything is connected .
the first time i went to antarctica for the first time 10 years ago , i saw the ice .
i was fascinated .
when i was trying to figure out what was happening in my face , i was speeding up fast , and i was going to go .
it was about 60 feet above the mountains around me , and i didn &apos;t imagine how i was going to be able to get a profit of snow over the years .
the mountains are formed by mountains or ice from ice and ice .
each iceberg has a distinctive personality .
they have a different way of communication with their friends .
some of them are hoping to give up , and the pain ends up , and some of them are now helpless with a dramatic depression crisis .
when you look at a iceberg , it &apos;s easy to think that they &apos;re isolated , they &apos;re isolated , they &apos;re separate and they &apos;re lonely .
but it &apos;s very far from that .
when it comes to a iceberg , i &apos;m looking for his ancient atmosphere .
and when it comes to the iceberg , it gives you the rich freshwater water that feeds a lot of life .
and when i take the picture of these glaciers , i just like to take the portraits of my older family , the old family , and i just feel like i &apos;m going to do it once again , again .
it &apos;s not a death , but it &apos;s not a death , but it &apos;s a continuation of the journey in the life of life .
some of the mountains i took picture of the picture -- so a few thousand years .
and some of them are older than 100,000 years old .
so i &apos;m going to show you the last few pictures that i &apos;m going to show you in greenland .
it &apos;s a very rare chance to see a melting of ice .
and here it is .
you can see on the edge of this little boat .
this is a metrelik boat .
and i want to focus your attention on the surface of the iceberg .
as you can see , the boat goes against the boat , and the guy stands there .
this is the average size of a greenland iceberg .
the water is about 120 feet , or 40 feet .
and this video is actually taken .
and so , here &apos;s another part of the iceberg .
thank you .
in my life , i had a few wonderful projects in my life .
but this is the most beautiful thing i &apos;ve ever done .
this is called the rebreather .
it &apos;s called the &quot; grafiti &quot; in the &apos; 80s , the most beginning .
and one day she came home from running , and he said , &quot; dad , i &apos;m walking . &quot;
and this was the beginning of als .
now , you &apos;re completely paralyzed .
it can only move your eyes .
i was holding it .
there &apos;s a company that makes design and animation , so obviously , it &apos;s obviously something that we admire and respect in the art world .
and so tony , we decided , and we would be sponsors for his purpose .
and then i went to meet his father and brother , and he said , &quot; we &apos;ll give you this money .
what are you going to do with the money ? &quot;
and his brother says , &quot; i want to talk to tony .
i just want to contact with him and to interact with me . &quot;
and i said , &quot; wait , stephen hawking , i &apos;ve seen all the paralyzed people , do they communicate with these devices ? &quot;
and , &quot; no , if not at the top level , you can actually do it very well , but you can &apos;t do it .
these devices are not the equipment people can get , &quot; he said .
and i said , &quot; well , how do you communicate ? &quot;
did everyone follow the movie &quot; butterflies and diver &quot; ?
so that &apos;s how they &apos;re interacting with their fingers .
i said , &quot; this is too old . how can this be ? &quot;
i just came up to write a czech passport , and i wrote a check of how i could replace it instead .
and then i promised my father and his brother , &quot; pekela , here &apos;s the deal : tony , we &apos;ll get a machine , and we &apos;ll find a way to get the art back .
because it is injustice that has everything about art , it doesn &apos;t have the ability to convey it . &quot;
so i talked about a few months later .
i met with the people called the grl , the graffiti research lab , and they have the technology that &apos;s going to look at the surface , and then they have the technology that allows them to take a laser signal and record it .
so they go somewhere and they make art images like this .
so everything goes up here , and they said , there &apos;s a cycle of life .
it starts with the first sexual organs , and then it starts with verbal expressions , then bush &apos;s comments , and people are actually there for art .
but they always had a cycle of life .
so i went home and i was eating my wife , and i said , &quot; well , if we know that there &apos;s a second technology technology , we &apos;ll have a way to make a grafiti , &quot; and it &apos;s going to be grafiti , and it &apos;s going to be grafiti again .
so our journey started .
and about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organizations and lots of things , we managed to do a few things .
we &apos;ve taken the gates of insurance companies , and we took one stephen hawking machine that would actually allow us to communicate with the rebreather .
it &apos;s amazing .
and that person is one of the most komiklerinden -- i call it leadership , because you &apos;re talking to the guy , you &apos;re getting a electronics post , and you &apos;re not a valuable guy . &quot; this guy is very surprising . &quot;
and what we did was we brought seven programmers from all over the world to all over the world .
my wife and my children and i moved to the back car , and these hackers and programmers and the programmers and the conspiracy theories are coming home .
because we were doing this , many of our friends thought we were absolutely stupid , and a day back there would be all paintings on the wall , and there would be graflar on the ground .
but for two weeks , we went to the studio , we went to london , and my kids included , including my dog , and we created this .
it &apos;s called the honey , and you can see the explanation .
this is a cheap gözlük couple , we bought this in the manhattan beach corner , a little copper cable and a little bit of material and a little bit of material .
we took the psi camera , it &apos;s a heklenmiş , a light bulb , and now there &apos;s a device , and there &apos;s a device that can do free , free software , free software .
and we &apos;ve certainly made a device without any constraints .
no insurance company .
no hospital .
now , who is paralyzed , it &apos;s really only the opportunity to draw your eyes or communicate .
thank you .
thank you very much . that &apos;s amazing .
at the end of the two weeks , we went to tedmed &apos;s room .
i love this picture , because this is the chamber and this .
and it &apos;s a joke to get the product out of it .
and over the course of a year , planning , 40 weeks of programming , the festivali festival and all night , tony 7 , the first time , again again .
and this is an amazing picture , because it &apos;s a life support system , and it looks through the support system .
we walked out of the bed , and you can see the outside .
and we built the wall outside the wall outside the hospital .
and the first time again again , and you can just imagine what &apos;s feeling in front of your family and friends , and just imagine what &apos;s feeling in the parking .
and what &apos;s funny is that we were forced to enter the park in parking , so we also felt a full legal appearance .
and at the end of that , he sent us a mail , and that &apos;s what they wrote in the mail : &quot; this was the first time i saw in seven years .
as i was being kept underwater , and finally someone came to me , and i got it up , so i could breathe . &quot;
isn &apos;t that amazing ?
this is something like our victory .
that &apos;s what keeps us going and developing .
and there &apos;s a way to go to this .
this is an amazing device , but it &apos;s like the wooden wood .
one has more rights .
so we &apos;re within the process of trying to figure out how to do it better , faster , powerful .
since then , we have all kinds of information .
we won many awards .
remember -- this free -- none of us have money .
every cost is coming out of us .
good news , &quot; oh , this is fantastic . &quot;
armstrong reminded us , and then in december in december , time magazine showed us the best 50 best , and it was really beautiful .
this is the most beautiful thing about this -- and this is the exhibition of the &quot; art of the streets , &quot; which is going to be in downtown los angeles in april of this year .
and in the exhibition of &quot; art of the streets &quot; , it will be the good performers of the street art -- the painters , shepar barber , the downing -- all there will be there .
it &apos;s going to be in the rebreather . it &apos;s amazing .
i actually want to tell you : if you see something impossible , do it .
everything in this room was impossible ; this was the scene , this computer , the mirror -- it was impossible at some point .
i̇mkanlı -- everybody in this room .
i &apos;m not a programmer , i did nothing about the visual recognition technology , but i just noticed something , and i built it with interesting people , so we made something interesting .
and when it comes to something that needs to be done every day , that question is , if it &apos;s not , what ? and if not me , who ?
thank you everybody .
you know , i &apos;m writing for kids , and it &apos;s probably the most popular child books in america .
and i always say i don &apos;t want to go to the front of people like a scientist .
i can come in the farmer &apos;s lap or the cows , i say , and no one ever did the farmer .
i &apos;m going to talk to you today about the secrets of things and some things .
you know , we can leave the secret of something anywhere .
when we go to a block , it &apos;s a çember picture .
he made a friend of mine named richard hopkins .
so today i &apos;m going to talk to you about a complicated circle .
my circle started in a high school in the &apos; 60s , in a high school in ohio .
every week , when i was beaten in the men &apos;s toilet , i was a kid who was beaten by a teacher .
he saved my life by allowing teachers to use the toilet in the room .
this is three years , for three years .
he did it .
and i had to escape from that city .
i had a finger , i had 85 bucks , and i went to san francisco , california -- i found myself in an organization about aids -- and i heard about the need to work with aids in the &apos; 80s .
two or three years ago , i got a phone from the teacher at the end of the night , &quot; i can see you , i can see you .
i &apos;m really happy to imagine each other as adults as adults .
please come in ohio , and please bring that man that i know so far .
and i should say that i have to say , &quot; oh , i &apos;m going to have to have pancreatic cancer fast . &quot;
the next day we were in cleveland .
we looked at it , and we were laughing , we were laughing , we saw it needed to stay in a hospital .
we found one , we took it there , and we looked at it , and the family was interested , because it was necessary .
it was something we knew how we could do .
and as a woman who wanted to know me as a child , she became a box , and i was caught in a box , and i was caught in my hands .
what happened was that the circle was closed , turned into a circle -- and i &apos;ve been talking about the secret .
the secret is that death is part of life .
he saved my life , and i and partner .
and you know , that part of life needs what you need .
it wants truth and beauty , and i &apos;m very happy that there &apos;s a lot of talk here .
it &apos;s also a feminine , love and happiness , and it &apos;s our job to give to others .
thank you .
the idea behind the patent computer virus is actually quite simple .
we don &apos;t want iran to get a bomb .
the main tool of their nuclear weapons development is the natanz uranium enrichment facility .
these are gray boxes , real-time control systems .
if we can make these systems that control the speed of work and the water , we can cause a lot of problems .
gray boxes don &apos;t use windows software ; they &apos;re completely different technology .
but we &apos;re hoping to make a good windows of the engineer using this gray box , so we &apos;re going to get a good windows on it .
this is the scenario behind the web .
so we start with a system that will reduce windows .
the main load goes to the gray box , damaging the gear , and iran &apos;s nuclear program is delayed ; the mission has been completed .
that &apos;s easy , isn &apos;t it ?
i want to tell you how we &apos;re doing this .
when we started working on the web six months ago , it was completely unknown what was going on .
the only thing that was known was that the windows were very complex , which was very complicated , and the multiple zero day was used for weak points .
and these gray boxes , like this real real-time control systems , were looking like something .
it took us our attention , and we started a lab project , and we &apos;ve got a lab project and we tried this thing .
and then something funny happened .
it acts like a mouse experiment , and it doesn &apos;t like it ; it doesn &apos;t like it , but it doesn &apos;t want food .
it didn &apos;t make sense to me .
and after we do experiments with different tastes , i realized that this is a direct attack .
it &apos;s completely adaptive .
it doesn &apos;t even do a little bit of the gray box that tries to spread the virus , the düşürücü , the virüsü and the euygun that tries to spread the virus .
it took me a lot of attention , and we started working on this full-time , because i thought , we don &apos;t know what it is .
let &apos;s say that the power plant in the united states could be a chemical facility or a chemical facility in germany .
first of all , we need to find it .
we &apos;ve mapped the code code and we put it backwards and we &apos;ve discovered it , and it &apos;s been built on two digital bombs .
and we also found that they worked with highly skilled engineers from the inside .
they knew what they were looking for .
they knew it was probably the trick of shoe trick .
so they knew everything .
and let me tell you that if you think that it &apos;s a mixed and high tech product , it &apos;s very complicated .
it was more difficult than anything we saw before .
you see the example of the actual attack code .
we &apos;re talking about a kaynak source code .
it looks like a very old type of unifying language .
and i want to tell you how we made meaning from these codes .
first of all , what we &apos;re looking at is system functions , because we know what it works .
and then we looked at patterns and data structures and trying to relate them with real world -- potential real goals .
so we need the target theory that we can identify or we can .
to get the gap theories , let &apos;s remember that it should be a very heavy , very heavy target , and probably iran is in iran , because it &apos;s where the most transmission reports are reported .
you can &apos;t find a few thousand targets in that area .
we simply stayed between the nuclear power plant and the natanz fuel enrichment facility .
he said , &quot; bring a list of all the santrifüf and power plants to your customers . &quot;
and i opened them with phone and i convinced them that the code and data that we found was to bring them together .
and it worked pretty well .
the little digital nuclear title is about control control .
the wheel is the black piece that moves inside .
and if you can do that speed at the speed of this wheel , you can put the wheel and you end up looking at it .
another thing we see is that the purpose of the attack was slow and bizarre , and it was obvious that the care engineers were going to be görülüyordu , the problem was not going to fix the problem quickly .
the great digital war title -- we had a chance to look at data and data structures .
for example , -- number two corresponds to this code -- you can &apos;t get revised .
i started to look at the scientific literature , and this is what it was like in the natanz structure , and how it was called a kademe structure , and i found out that every single floor was installed .
and this is meaningful , a comparison .
and then he went better .
it &apos;s defined by these santrifüjler structures in iran .
and guess what we found in the attack code ?
it &apos;s almost identical .
so this is a good encounter .
and that gave us a very high level of trust .
now i &apos;m going to tell you the wrong , that &apos;s not going .
these results came after a few years of hard work .
and mostly we had to start with the impasse .
anyway , we realized that both digital war topics focused on one and the same goal , but from different angles .
the little war title was taking one notch , and turning the motors back to slow , and the big war of war was going to take six places , and it was ediyordu the plants .
i mean , we were really concerned about what the target was .
targeted targets and only zerihoun .
i mean , we didn &apos;t have to worry about other goals that could be saved by the software .
there are some things that really affect me here .
here &apos;s the gray box , and there &apos;s electrodes on it .
now , it &apos;s going to be able to capture the input data from the sensor that comes out of this thing -- like the pressure sensor and the speed sensor -- and it &apos;s still working with the fake input data in the attack .
and as a result , this false introduction data was previously recorded by the software .
so , in the hollywood movies like hollywood movies , the observation camera was closed earlier in the video .
that &apos;s cool , right ?
the idea here is not just to manipulate the operators in the room .
it &apos;s actually much more dangerous and aggressive .
the idea is to interfere with the digital security system .
we need digital security systems where the operators can &apos;t get enough to do enough .
for example , in a power power plant , when steam is speeding up , you &apos;re going to release the evacuation tanks within seconds .
obviously , this is not done by human beings .
so we need digital security systems .
and when they were ignored , it could be pretty bad .
the plant could become patlayacak .
and the security system or the security system can &apos;t understand that .
it &apos;s frightening .
but it gets worse .
and that &apos;s very important .
think about it . this is the attack .
it &apos;s not specifically about the santrifüjler , or the uranium .
so , as an example , it can work pretty well in a power plant or in a car factory .
this is a general thing .
and you don &apos;t have to have this kind of thing to do with the usb , you don &apos;t have to be able to do it with the usb .
you can also use traditional worms for diffusion .
it &apos;s as much as possible .
and if you do that , eventually you get a cybercrime weapon .
this is a result that we have to face .
so unfortunately , this kind of attacks is not the most intense in the middle east .
the united states , europe and japan .
all these green areas are rich environments .
we have to confront the results , and we should start to prepare .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph said that the real responsibility of the people in most places is the fact that the cia is actually responsible .
are you thinking ?
ralph langler : okay , do you really want to hear this ?
yeah . okay .
i think it &apos;s in the work of the cia , but the force that &apos;s leading it is not israel .
the real power behind this is cybercrime .
there &apos;s only one , and this is the united states -- thank you very much .
because otherwise , we would have even bigger problems .
thank you , ralph , thank you so much for that .
a last couple of years i &apos;ve spent a lot of time , and i &apos;ve spent a lot of time doing dangerous situations .
i went to jail -- a difficult situation .
i worked in a coal mine -- a dangerous situation .
i &apos;ve been filming in the battlefield -- both difficult and dangerous .
and i spent 30 days with just the honey , and it was fun , and it was a little bit harder in the middle , and it became very dangerous .
in fact , my only goal was to take my entire career into situations that seemed terrible , and to look at the social problems , and look at them , and look at them , and try to make them accessible , and to make them accessible .
i knew i &apos;d like to do something that i &apos;d like to do before i &apos;ve learned a little bit about the world of branding and sponsoring .
i put a billboard on ebay a few weeks ago , as you heard .
i was a few facebook , and twitter message , and i gave people the opportunity to buy the name rights of my tedtalk in 2011 .
well , you &apos;ve heard about it , a lucky individual or a company , or a company , or a corporate institution , or a corporate institution , which i &apos;m sure that you &apos;re not going to be allowed to get the name right now , and it doesn &apos;t have much to do with the name of the conversation , which doesn &apos;t really matter what &apos;s going on .
so what i &apos;ve been suggesting is , &quot; your wife is here , i &apos;m going to talk about my ted talk , and depending on the content , my talk can bring you or your company into a difficult situation , especially because you are convinced that you &apos;re sponsoring you .
but at the same time , it &apos;s a very good media opportunity . &quot;
you know how many people are watching these tedtalks , you know ?
it &apos;s too much .
by the way , this is the draft version of the title .
and despite these warnings , i knew someone would take the name rights .
if you asked me this one year ago , i wouldn &apos;t tell you that .
but in the new project that i &apos;m working now , my new film is going to be this , we &apos;re looking at marketing world , advertising .
and as i said earlier , i had a little bit of terrible situations over the years , but nothing , but nothing , but it &apos;s so dangerous to talk to these guys , so that they were willing to negotiate with these guys .
as you can see , i had a idea to make a film .
what i want to do is make a film that all of them are about , marketing , marketing and advertising , and it &apos;s a film that &apos;s totally funded by the product .
and the film is going to be the most amazing film .
and this is the one that &apos;s the most amazing film that &apos;s been sold , and all the things that are going to come from the beginning to the end will be the sponsor of the brand , the sponsors that you &apos;re going to see in the movie .
now , this brand could be the marka stadium or the auditorium center .
these people are permanently married in the movie -- forever forever .
and so the idea to cover the whole thing is -- michael khan : this is unnecessary . what &apos;s that unnecessary ? always , forever ?
i &apos;m an unnecessary one .
i just wanted to emphasize that .
it was , &quot; always . forever . &quot;
but we &apos;re not going to not just sponsor the x brand , but we &apos;re going to sell all the categories we can do in the movie .
so maybe we &apos;re going to sell a shoe , and it &apos;s the most amazing shoe that you make .
or the most amazing car that you can see is the contribution of the most amazing car that you &apos;ve ever seen , the most amazing drink you &apos;ve ever seen .
so the idea is , besides showing that the brands are part of their lives , how do they finance their movie ?
and it &apos;s actually how all these things are done .
the purpose of this film is transparency .
you &apos;ll see the whole process going on in this movie .
so this is the end of the entire film .
and i would be very happy that mandic helped this happen .
you know , this is actually weird , because when i first heard it , this is actually the most superior show of honor for a viewer .
i don &apos;t really know how much more intelligent people are .
do you have the point of view ? -- i don &apos;t want to use the word angle because you have a negative attitude -- but do you know how it &apos;s going to happen ?
how much money is needed for this ?
1.5 million dollars 1.5 million dollars
i think it &apos;s going to be held at a meeting with them , but again , a few big , known brand players .
who knows , maybe when it comes to my movie , we &apos;re going to look like , like , ahmaklar , who speak silly .
how do you think the answers to this are going to be ?
the answers will be &quot; no &quot; .
but you think this sales is because of the movie , or is it a difficult sale ?
lg : both .
that &apos;s not a positive thing .
so , sir , can you help me ? i need help .
i can help you .
okay .
fantastic .
we need to figure out what brands will be .
yes .
we &apos;re looking at the people that you &apos;re talking about .
there are some places we can go .
close the camera .
i thought , &quot; close the camera . &quot;
in fact , the meaning &quot; we don &apos;t want to be about anything that your movie is about . &quot;
and as it was here , each other , all these companies suddenly disappeared .
none of them wanted to do something about this film .
i was surprised .
they didn &apos;t want to do anything about this project .
i was in awe , because the idea of advertising , the idea of the most important person , was to put the product in front of the most possible person .
is it not that the new media , especially in today &apos;s world in the modern media , and the main idea of the media in the world of media , is not to get the message of the new distribution tool that can be heard of the message to communities ?
no , that &apos;s just my idea .
but the problem was , as you can see , there was a deadly mistake , and the mistake was .
no , it wasn &apos;t that mistake or whatever .
there would be no problem .
it wouldn &apos;t be a problem .
but the problem was that this image was represented .
so , if you do a visual search for transparency on google , this is one of the first images .
yes , i appreciate the way it works , sergey johnson ! no .
this is the problem : transparency ... transparency -- the fact that the truth and the hilekarlıktan -- that is easily understood -- is easily understood , and it &apos;s probably the ultimate problem , and it &apos;s probably the biggest problem , and it &apos;s probably the biggest problem , and it &apos;s probably the biggest problem .
you know , we &apos;ve heard a lot about transparency lately .
our politicians say it , the president tells him , even in our hands .
but when it comes to reality , something changes suddenly .
but why ? well , transparency is like this strange bear bear .
it &apos;s unpredictable . it &apos;s like this strange kır path .
and it &apos;s also very risky .
what is another risky ?
a big bowl of food !
that &apos;s risky !
and when i start talking to companies and telling them that story , and they say , &quot; no , we want you to tell a story .
yes , we want you to tell a story , but we just want to tell us the story . &quot;
so , when i was a kid , my dad was telling me some kind of lie -- here &apos;s what he said , and he said , &quot; my son , there are three species of every story .
the story that you tell me is the story i tell , and the real story . &quot;
so we wanted to tell the story about this film .
but it was only one company that wanted to help me , with a company -- and that &apos;s why john bond and richard kirshenbaum had a long time -- i realized that i had to move , and i went to direct companies with the whole team .
so when i suddenly started to understand that -- or when i started to understand -- and i started to understand , i saw that every company had a problem in understanding its brand .
i have my friends and my friends who make small , big hollywood films , and i have a little bit of bütçeli films .
and my friends , who make big hollywood movies , say that their movies are very successful in movies .
and my friends who made little bütçeli film , they said , &quot; well , then we can , how can we compete with big hollywood films ? &quot;
and the film will be the most spectacular film .
so how do we see ban in the movie ?
when i &apos;m going to come out of home , when i &apos;m going to get the bathroom , you &apos;ll see the ban .
and when i met someone , i could say , &quot; are you too vivid for this meeting ?
are you ready ? you &apos;re looking a little bit nervous .
i want to help you .
maybe you have to use it before the meeting . &quot;
and we &apos;re going to ask one of these amazing things .
&quot; the green packaging &quot; or &quot; spring spring &quot; can be all available .
and we &apos;re going to privatise the suggestions for male and female , or in a solid , lead or çubuk , or whatever .
so we &apos;re coming to the end of the two cents .
now i can ask you , you have any problem , and i can take five cents a second .
we &apos;re a smaller producer .
as you just mentioned , we are competing with big brands , like a little markalarla .
so we don &apos;t have the budgets that have other brands .
and to do something like this -- as you &apos;re going to get to think about ban -- that &apos;s what we &apos;re interested in .
what words do you use to define ban ?
that &apos;s ban .
this is a wonderful question .
. technology .
you don &apos;t want to describe something that people put in the seats of a seat .
we &apos;re going to be brave and alive .
i think it &apos;s a very good word to say that &quot; live &quot; is a very good word , which is &quot; kokuyla and nemlilikle &quot; .
it keeps you alive .
it keeps you alive for a long time ; better life , more lives , three times more live .
things like this make a message to get more positive benefits .
and this is a company that we &apos;re talking about .
so what about me ? anybody would do it ?
and i walked out and interviewing people , like me , ordinary people .
they &apos;re going to tell me about the brand .
how do you describe your own brand ?
boy : oh , my own brand ?
i don &apos;t know .
i really like the beautiful clothes .
in the back of the &apos; 80s , the combination of skaters &apos; combined punk is if it &apos;s not a washing day .
so , terry , what is brand ?
it &apos;s unique .
i think my style is the shadow of the shadow .
i love a lot of black colors , a lot of other things and things like it .
but usually , you have the solar eyes or the crystals and the crystals , i love them .
if you had a brand from dan , it would be a classic mercedes mercedes that was opened at that level .
&quot; the brand that i am in is comfortable , comfortable .
girl 2 : a bit of a hippie , a piece of fantasy , a piece of brooklyn woman -- i don &apos;t know .
3 : i &apos;m a pets .
i sell pet animal toys to the whole country and the world .
so that &apos;s my brand .
in my little çarpık industry , this is my brand .
number four : my brand fedex , because i promise good things .
ao : the . .
does this brand be a brand ?
lawyer : i &apos;m an attorney .
i &apos;m tom .
all right , we &apos;re not all tom brand , but i don &apos;t see myself uncommon , and i don &apos;t see myself uncommon .
and so i realized i needed a experts .
i needed someone who would be in my head , and i needed someone who would help me understand what was called &quot; brand personality . &quot;
and so i found a company in pittsburgh , in pittsburgh .
this company is helping companies to explore their brand brand , febreze , insig , disney .
if they did that for them , they certainly could do it for me .
you bring your photographs , right ?
yeah . first photograph is a picture of my family .
so let me tell you how this is connected to your thoughts about who you are and how you are .
they &apos;re the people who make sense of the world .
tell me a little bit about this world .
is this from the world ? i think the world you live in is the world that you live in -- and you guys , your friends , your family , your life , your lifestyle .
all of these things came together , and it started , and for me , these things and my family grew up in western virginia , and it started .
what &apos;s the next thing you want to talk about ?
the next thing : this is the best day i &apos;ve ever experienced in my life .
how are you thinking about this and how you feel ?
that &apos;s what i want to be .
i love things that are different .
i love things that are weird . i like things strange .
tell me , &quot; why don &apos;t you ? &quot;
what is he ? what rover are you ?
why is it important to start the computer again ? red represents what ?
tell me a few things about this part .
can you give a little bit of information about the person ?
what are the other rocks that you live in ?
it &apos;s not necessarily supposed to be fear . what is the kind of speed that you &apos;re going on now ?
no , no , i thank you .
thank you for sure .
yes . okay .
yes , i don &apos;t know what it will happen as a result .
and there were very crazy things inside there .
the first thing that we realized was that brand had two different sides , but morgan scott brand was a düşünceli / fun brand .
they &apos;re very uyumlular side .
and that &apos;s why they make a paradox .
i think most companies will focus on two different aspects instead of focusing on two .
most of the companies -- they &apos;re not sure that the human nature is a part of the human nature -- and you &apos;re not afraid of things like that , but you turn them into something that &apos;s good for you , and you turn them into positive things .
what other brands do they look like ?
the first example is the brand , which is the klasikleşen apple .
here you can also see the wii , the mini , the mini , the mini , and you can see the airbus .
we talk about entertainment brands and thoughtful brands , and against all these alternatives , it &apos;s a very powerful phenomenon that is very powerful .
fun , a wise brand . what &apos;s your brand ?
if somebody wanted to tell you the identity of your brand , you &apos;d ask you to describe your brand &apos;s personality .
do you have a live stance ? are you eating a person &apos;s blood ?
or is there a more calm attitude ?
is it a bit more calm , kapanık , conservative ?
it &apos;s kind of like being fun or courageous , like being a vibrant , fresh , olmak , olmak , atik , dünyevi , dünyevi , dünyevi , dünyevi , gandalf .
or do you have a more calm tone ?
so , like , you know , the wise , you know ?
would you like to be a biri , geleneksel , korumacı empathy ?
can you secure a safe , balanced , profound , profound , profound , profound , profound , profound , profound , profound , profound thoughts ?
in the process of this film , we talked about 500 companies , some of them were alive , some of them were more calm , and they said , &quot; no , no . &quot;
they didn &apos;t want to do anything about this project , the reason they couldn &apos;t control it . they didn &apos;t have control over the last product .
but we found that it was 17 companies that would be willing to give us the stories that were willing to work , like me , who were willing to work , and ultimately to tell us the stories that we would not like to be able to tell ourselves , and that stories were stories .
the ads and at the same time enabled us to tell the story of what &apos;s been used to tell the story of mri centers in the brain , and we have to tell the story of tedglobal .
we went to san paulo .
in the last five years , there &apos;s no billboard , no poster , no poster . there &apos;s nothing .
we went to schools where companies in america are trying to access today .
for me , what &apos;s amazing about it is that i &apos;ve been able to get back to the most , or the projects that i &apos;ve been able to get into the greatest achievement .
and these companies .
they removed their agencies , they removed their agencies and they said , &quot; maybe they don &apos;t think about the best for me . &quot;
i &apos;m going to talk to the artist directly .
it &apos;s going to be a different thing to do with it , and to think about the way we think about this world .
so how did this approach yield results ? successful ?
we can now take a look at the film , which is the film film festival .
according to him , the film premiered in january , and since then -- and that &apos;s only a small part of the whole thing -- we &apos;ve got 900 million media outlets about film .
it &apos;s literally a kaplanması of a zamanın period .
these are just the data in digital space -- not print or tv .
the distribution of the film has already been no longer .
the film is not published on the digital surround . it &apos;s not a broadcast .
it has yet to be sent to foreign countries .
so as a result , this film already started gaining momentum .
and it &apos;s not a bad project , it &apos;s almost all the ads that we &apos;re talking about , and it &apos;s almost all the ads that we &apos;re talking about .
there &apos;s something that i always believe , and that is , if you &apos;re looking at your chances , if you take risks , it will create opportunities .
i believe that if you take people out of this , you can actually make people fail .
i believe that you &apos;re going to try to treat your employees in a way that will take care of the risks , and that &apos;s why you &apos;re going to start to be able to get all the company in the reward .
what i feel is that what is needed to move forward is to encourage people to take risks .
we have to encourage people to avoid opportunities that might be able to save them .
ultimately , if we continue , i think we should embrace fear .
so , we put this guy up !
love fear . celebrate the risk .
every time we take a kaşık , we need to understand the risk .
and finally , we have to develop transparency .
today , it will have a little bit of intimacy , as never before .
and as a result , with intimacy and transparency , all this talk was presented by my friends , who bought the right to buy the name of ebay , which bought the right of my friends from ebay to $ 100 .
the big data is turning great opportunities to all organizations worldwide .
he presents the &quot; transparency of transparency &quot; .
thank you very much .
shekhar cohen : well , you know , morgan cohen : what &apos;s the $ 100 dollars for transparency ?
this is a wonderful question .
at the moment , the organization of the ted organization has a sapling foundation , which is to be used for the next year to join the ted foundation .
this is a representation of the brain . and we can put your brain in two parts .
the left side is the right side of it .
and if we do a scale to measure the ability of each synapse , we can figure out a graph of our brain .
for example , it &apos;s going to be one of the absolute logic .
it &apos;s going to be one of the absolute sentiments .
so where do you want to put your brain in this scale ?
for some of us , this may be an extreme comment , but i think it &apos;s like this , your brain looks like this -- it looks like a high talent in both trends .
they &apos;re not working in a way that they can do or support each other .
you can be rational and intuitive .
and then i thought of myself as one of the other experimental quantum physicists who were very good , and that was a very complex way of getting together .
but at the same time , we need a good insight to work .
how can we develop this insight ? we love to play with something .
so we &apos;re going to play with him , and we look at what he looks like . so our hope evolves .
you really do the same thing .
and a little bit of a bit of insight that you &apos;ve developed for a few years , it &apos;s going to be somewhere in a certain place .
what i &apos;m trying to tell you is that something that &apos;s going to happen in two different places at the same time , but that &apos;s the concept you &apos;ve developed , you &apos;re like this .
i remember watching a kid on the edge of the car obstacle .
it was a baby , and it wasn &apos;t good about it , it was just out of it .
but if you go to the counter , playing with that obstacle gave him a really important lesson to him , and he would not give him a chance to travel to him as a whole .
this is a great conceptual model for the world , of course , if you &apos;re not a particle physicist .
this is a terrible model for particle physicist , because they play with strange little particles , they don &apos;t play the car barriers .
and when you play with particles , they actually find all sorts of weird things -- the walls can go through the walls or the same at the same time .
and then , when they read all these observations , they call it quantum mechanics theory .
a few years ago , this was where physics was built -- you needed quantum mechanics to define small , tiny particles .
but there was no need to define the big , everyday objects around us .
this is really not my understanding with my mind , maybe i did not meet the particles .
sometimes i play , but not very often .
and i never saw them .
no one has ever seen a particle .
but it didn &apos;t work with the logical authority .
because if everything is small , and the quantum mechanics for all small particles , then why don &apos;t you have quantum mechanics in it ?
i don &apos;t see any reason why i don &apos;t .
and if we make a sense of the fact that quantum quantum is valid , it will feel better .
so a few years ago , i just went to do this .
and i did one .
this is the first element of the mechanical quantum quantum theory that you see .
what we &apos;re looking at here is a little computer chip .
you can look at this green dot .
i &apos;m going to talk about this piece of metal over the next minutes .
this is a picture of the object .
i &apos;m a little bit nervous , let &apos;s look at the center .
and we &apos;re going to see this little piece of metal , very closely .
now , what do we look at in this little piece of metal ? it looks like a ring that goes through the base .
so i &apos;ve done this as a computer chip .
i went into a new silicon circuit with a clean room , and i put it in the snow for about 100 hours , like all the big machines .
in the last phase , i had to make a hole in the form of a delik hole in the form of the device .
this device is enough , but it still needs a little help .
here &apos;s an example that looks like this .
you know , it &apos;s a crowded elevator .
when i was in the elevator , i could do any kind of weird motion , but when other people went to the elevator , i stopped doing these strange things , because i didn &apos;t want to scare them or to scare them .
here quantum mechanics foresees the same pattern in the invisible objects .
it &apos;s not just people who are living on the dead objects , but also the light of light , wind and room temperature .
and we know that if we want to see this piece of metal in quantum mechanics , we have to get all of the guests .
that &apos;s what we do .
we closed the lights , and we put the whole air out of the air , and then we put it in the absolute zero , so close to zero zero .
now , as you &apos;re in the elevator , it &apos;s free to act as a little bit of metal .
and then we observe the movement .
and we found it in some strange ways .
it was sitting on the ground , terrified . it was like breathing , it was like breathing -- it was expanding and it was quiet .
and by giving him a little push force , we made it the same time , and we made it sound , and it &apos;s not just the way quantum mechanics allowed it .
i &apos;m telling you something really wonderful here .
so what does it mean at the same time that the rhythm and the rhythm mean ?
let &apos;s think about atoms .
so here &apos;s all of the atoms that make up a little piece of metal , and they &apos;re all the same atoms , and they &apos;re moving up and down .
they &apos;re just set for a moment .
the rest of the time is not clear .
every atom is in two different places at the same time , that means that the small piece of metal is located in two different places .
i think that &apos;s really cool .
really .
it &apos;s a clean room for all of these years . look at this , because the distance between one atom and a little piece of metal is almost the same distance as the distance between you and the distance .
if one atom can be found in different places at the same time , this little piece of metal can be found in two different places , right ?
it &apos;s just the sound of the reasonable object .
imagine if you were in the same time , how would it be something like that ?
how would your consciousness manage your body in space ?
there &apos;s another part of the story .
and when we open the lights , we see that metal is still there , when we look inside the box , and we &apos;re still there .
and that &apos;s why i had to develop a new insight , all the objects inside the elevator look like a little bit like quantum particles .
you &apos;ve heard a lot of talks that tell you how quantum quantum is connected .
well , it &apos;s not true .
there &apos;s more and more depth .
these connections , all of you around you , are literally defined by who you are , and that &apos;s a very profound thing about quantum quantum .
thank you .
i decided in 2007 that we should rethink our thinking about economic development .
the new goal should be to ensure that each family can be able to choose in a handful of different cities , when they think about where they want to live and work .
now we &apos;re very far from this .
there are billions of people in developing countries , and there &apos;s not even a single city ready to open their doors .
but the amazing thing about cities is that it &apos;s much more than the cost to build them .
so we can make dozens of new cities easily , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
if you never ever think about new cities , that sounds absurd .
but just put cities instead of apartments .
suppose that half of the people who want to live in the flats have a circle of half the people .
you can try to expand capacity with all the current buildings .
but when you come to a situation , those buildings and the spaces that surround them have the rules and the dağılımını of the rahatsızlığı .
so it &apos;s very difficult to make all those scripts .
but if you can go to a new place , you can build a whole new apartment , you can build rules that allow us to build rules that allow us to build rules .
and i offered them to create big new reforms that could create cities , and i gave them a name : pilot cities .
as i learned later , he and romano were thinking about the challenges of reform in honduras .
they knew about about 25,000 americans each year to go to the u.s. , and they wanted to ask them to ask them to do the same things in honduras .
in one place , javier said , &quot; let &apos;s take a part of our empty territory and bring it to a embassy , let &apos;s take a little over to the embassy , and then if people want to work under the laws of canada , then they can go to canada or to the u.s.
in the summer of 2009 , honduras passed a bir constitutional crisis .
in the next regular election , baxter lobo reform , but also gained a compromise in a compromise .
he asked him to become chief of general staff .
at that time , i was ready to give a talk at tedglobal .
and the process of corrections and error and error , as a result of a lot of user testing , i tried to reverse the concept of this complex pilot .
the first point is the importance of rules , and you can &apos;t be able to come up with all the current apartments , like those of those rules .
we pay attention to new technologies , but it requires technology and rules , and usually the rules that keep us behind .
in the fall of 2010 , a friend from guatemala sent a link to watson to tedtalk .
he gave him this .
they called me .
&quot; let &apos;s bring this to the leaders of our country . &quot;
so in december , we met a hotel in miami .
i tried to explain how much more valuable the cities are worth .
and i used a slide that shows how valuable it is in the new york city like new york city : notice that there are thousands of dollars in some cases .
but it was a very abstract debate , and it was a silence for a moment , and it said , &quot; paul , maybe we can follow the ted talk . &quot;
so the ted talk summed up a very simple description , the pilot , and the pilot would have a place and then you would have a place where people would be able to live under the rules , and they would have a chance to live and live under the rules .
i was invited by the president of honduras , who said that we need this project , which is important for our country .
i was asked to come to philadelphia and i was asked to speak again in the fourth of january .
and i gave a different talk that &apos;s filled with a slide like this , and i tried to say , &quot; if you want to give a city very value to a city , it should be very big .
this is an official airport in washington , and it &apos;s a new airport built in the universe .
this airport alone covers more space than 100 meters .
i was trying to convince the koreans that if you build a new city , at least you start with a space of 1,000 square meters .
this is more than 250 million years .
everybody listened to it .
the face of the audience was very important , and everybody was listening carefully .
congress leader came onto the stage and said , &quot; well , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we can watch your tedtalk .
i have a computer here . &quot;
and i sat down and they were at ted .
and it turns out , a new city can offer new options for people .
in the north , it would have had a choice to go to a city in honduras , rather than hundreds of kilometers away .
and there were new options for leaders .
because the state leaders in honduras need the help of the common countries , and they benefit from common countries that help to identify the rules and rules in this regulation , so everyone can really know that the charter will be implemented .
the concept of the president manuel lobo &apos;s concept is that it was important for many years in honduras , as a way to ensure that foreign investors come from foreign investors and build the city as a way to build the city .
we went to a space and looked at it .
this picture was taken there .
there may be a thousand square kilometers of space .
and shortly after , on january 19th , they voted to change the constitution in order to have a constitutional law that allowed special development zones to be permitted .
in a country that was recently swept by the air , the number of those who voted for the constitutional changes has been in favour of 43 .
all parties supported it .
to be part of the constitution , you actually have to spend two times .
on february 17th , they repeated a vote by a vote .
immediately after that vote , between 21 and 24 , an argentine delegates were the most willing to enter the world &apos;s city construction business .
one is south korea .
this is the picture of the new , big city built in south korea , the official city of boston .
everything you see here , four years after they spent their permits , again was built four years .
the other area that is very eager to build the city is singapore .
china actually has built two cities , and they &apos;re ready for third .
so if you think about it systematically , this is where we are .
they have a space ; they &apos;ve already started to think about using this space for the second city .
they have a law that allows managers to come to come , and they are replacing an external legal system .
a country has already volunteered its own supreme court to be the last appellate court for the new legal system there .
there are very eager city designers and designers .
they can even bring some investment together .
but there is something that you know already , that there are lots of takers .
there are a lot of companies in the u.s. region who want to take part in a particularly free trade space , and there are many people who want to go there .
there are 700 million people around the world who say they want to go somewhere right now .
we &apos;ve got a million people a year from latin america to go to the u.s.
most of them are a father who left her family behind his family to get a job , sometimes enough money to buy food or clothing .
unfortunately , what kind of idea are the kids who have been trying to get to the family for the last decade , in some cases , to build a new city in honduras ?
or what about building dozens of people around the world ?
what kind of idea is it for each family to have a few options for attracting new people ?
this is an idea worth spreading .
and my brazilian friends asked you to thank you , ted .
