what do you think you &apos;re better than you are ?
i mean , i wanted to say , how many changes you have in your brain are better than you have a better , faster and faster and faster .
you want to be more flexible , or more powerful .
do you want to be more attractive and somebody else ?
what about a longer healthy life ?
maybe you &apos;re one of those people who are more than creativity .
what would you want ?
you just have to choose one , who would you choose ?
audience : creativity creativity
how many of you have tried creativity ?
let me see your hands .
there &apos;s a lot of creative people out there .
this is very good .
how many of you elected memory ?
a little bit more .
so , what ?
a little less .
how long do you say ?
it &apos;s a majority . it &apos;s a good doctor .
if you had one of them , the world would have been very different .
is it just a dream ?
or is it possible ?
evolution has been a subject , but i want to give you a look at ted conference .
an important 20th century genetic gene , and at the russian orthodox church , at the same time , wrote , &quot; nothing does in the light of evolution , except for evolution . &quot;
if you accept the evidence for biological evolution , i give you a good time to close your hearing with this hearing , and i &apos;ll allow you to close your personal communication device , and maybe you &apos;re going to tell you something that &apos;s going to be wrong .
but if you accept biological evolution , think about it : is it just about the past or future ?
can we apply to others ? or can we apply to us ?
this is another way of life .
in this picture , i put all the branches in the center , because if you look at the tree , life on the side of the tree , in the middle of the tree , it has developed a kind of evolutionary environment , which has evolved each other .
it &apos;s a part of course that we &apos;re most interested in the human race .
we come from a partner , about eight million years ago , from modern chimpanzees .
in this process , maybe seven different species of humans have evolved .
some of them came and gone .
we &apos;ve been here for about 200,000 years .
it may seem a little bit away from other parts of life , but in fact , for a large part of our cells , it &apos;s very simple .
are you aware of what we &apos;re using a widespread bacteria and a şeker protein to treat sugar patients ?
it &apos;s not the same protein , but it &apos;s the same protein , which is the same as the chemical protein .
are you aware of the bacteria that we &apos;re talking about from bacteria in the rest of our bodies ?
maybe 10 times more .
so think of antonio prlenda , could the bacteria come to your mind when you &apos;re talking about you ?
it &apos;s a perfect environment for bacteria , for bacteria .
it &apos;s hot , dark and cool . it &apos;s a hot environment .
and they &apos;re going to give them all the food that they need to do , and they want to do it .
it &apos;s a great life for bacteria , but it &apos;s very important for bacteria to live on the other side .
bacteria help break food , and they protect you against some diseases .
but what will happen in the future ?
are we in a kind of evolutionary balance ?
or are we going to be a different kind of prisoners ? maybe we have better adapt to the environment .
let &apos;s take a look at the past , a billion years ago , the big bang explosion , the solar system and the solar system , four and a half billion years ago , the first stem cells of life in the world , and then the first half a million years ago , a million years ago , a million years ago .
in this massive world of life , this is a short world of living in our lives , and there &apos;s a little bit of a little bit of people and a little bit of notes .
it &apos;s also the talk of this talk .
i hope that the human that makes a lot of fun .
in my first year at university , biology is biology in kurdish
in love with the beauty of biology and the power of evolution , i realized that there was a very important thing in the evolution of evolution and evolution , i was basically divided into every single cell , and that &apos;s basically the genetic energy of the cell .
but what we &apos;re going to do is we start to change the organisms .
and when it comes in , it comes into the nest .
and what we &apos;re really important is that we &apos;re going to get back to the rest of our bodies , and then we &apos;re going to get back to the genome .
in fact , you can tell you that , in fact , they &apos;re entering the evolutionary evolution of death .
i &apos;ve got to admit , i thought , &quot; death / dying , &quot; i thought that there was a lot of time that i &apos;d been able to die , but i &apos;ve got worried over the years .
i &apos;ve heard about george burns &apos;s share of the performance of george burns , who has shown a performance in los angeles .
one night , the door is stolen .
when he opens door , he opens the door .
it &apos;s beautiful in the face of pink .
she &apos;s looking at her and says , &quot; i &apos;m here for sex . &quot;
george said , &quot; i can get a good lunch . &quot;
so i was working as a doctor , and it wasn &apos;t completely different than the purpose of evolution .
i was trying to protect the body .
i wanted to keep us healthy .
i wanted to improve disease diseases .
i wanted to live healthy and healthy .
evolution is to allow generation to adapt to generation generations and survive to generation .
so from a evolutionary perspective , you &apos;re going to be able to get the next genetic burden on the moon , and we &apos;re going to be sentenced to the sea to dizayn .
i think we can all understand in this way that he said to me , &quot; i think , by the way , i think we can understand to have access to god . &quot;
i want to try not to survive . &quot;
evolution doesn &apos;t approve long lives .
and the biggest of all , or at least , it &apos;s not going to pass the fastest , or even the greatest power .
they &apos;re going to approve the best organisms that allow evolution to adapt .
it &apos;s the only example of survival and survival .
i can tell you that the climate in the ocean , through the heat of the bacteria that are under the heat , and what it means to them is that in the past , when we look at the next generation of human evolution , it &apos;s very likely to be the next possibility of evolution .
first of all , we reached a kind of balance , and we reached the balance .
now human evolution will stop .
and the reason for this is because we managed to protect our lives through a lot of drugs , and we had this kind of gene that would be elected to our environment as well as the genes that we had access to our environment , and we had to each other .
the second possibility is that natural evolution is used by nature forces .
the debate here is that this process is not changed , very heavy .
as long as the process is under way , there will be changes in natural evolution , natural evolution , natural selection of planets , and environment .
but there &apos;s a third possibility , and it &apos;s a possibility that makes it all , and it &apos;s a crazy possibility .
i called evolution , which is a way that we choose from individuals that don &apos;t care about the evolution of nature , which is not just the evolution of nature .
how did this happen ?
how did it make it possible ?
if we think about it today , some people can choose about their children .
in some cultures , parents choose to have children with children .
not an opportunity for society , but families and individuals do not have a choice in that direction .
imagine if you could have a simple gender choice , or you could make genetic changes that would improve your body &apos;s disease or protect your body .
what if you do is you do to reduce the risk of sugar and alzheimer &apos;s disease to reduce the risk of cancer , to reduce the risk of cancer ?
would you want to make these changes in your genes ?
if we look at the future , these kinds of elections are becoming increasingly likely .
the human genome project started in 1990 , and lasted three decades .
it cost $ 1.6 billion dollars .
one year after the end of 2004 , you could do the same job in 2004 for 20 million dollars in three months .
today you can get about $ 100,000 genes in your genome , and within a week .
it &apos;s going to be worth $ 1,000 dollars , and it &apos;s possible to have a gene map where everybody can reach .
a week ago , the national engineering academy launched an independent techniques that developed the functioning of evolution in natural evolution , and the two scientists have called the evolution &apos;s evolution as an &quot; more effective study &quot; that aims to achieve these proteins .
a few years ago , a scientist who was given the prize for his skin , was able to change the gene &apos;s gene by changing the gene of four cells to make any changes in his way .
we can build bacteria that allow us to develop not only the immune against the virus , but also to develop against other viruses .
you don &apos;t believe that it &apos;s going to continue to develop a drug that &apos;s growing in the plant &apos;s tobacco cells , a drug that &apos;s growing in the tobacco cells .
can you imagine a good thing from the tobacco ?
these are today facts and the future will be more possible .
you can change two little cells in your body .
imagine , but can you change the cells of the child ?
or even if you have the chance to change the eggs or change the eggs , or you can get a chance to change the eggs and get a healthy life of your children , and you can &apos;t get cancer .
who does not want a more healthy child ?
and then we can get a better memory capacity if it &apos;s possible for us to protect the same mathematical system from the same kind of diseases , even though it &apos;s also possible for us to be able to get a better memory .
why don &apos;t you have the ability to hold your attention , especially if you have a new machine , which will allow you to run faster and more quickly to move the muscle into the brain ?
why do you live longer ?
these are the things that they are against .
and next generation , we &apos;re going to be going to have turned to the evolution of the old evolution that we have given these features to the generation , which we &apos;ve got to transfer .
it would require 2,000 years to be normally , maybe 1,000 years ago , which will have 100 years of your children or their parents .
are we going to use these options to make the community better ? we &apos;re going to be more generous .
or are we going to make the different properties that we just want for some of us to make the society more boring or more sophisticated , more sophisticated ?
they have to face questions that we have to face .
and seriously , can we be able to make the wisdom that can be capable of making these choices that can be the future of wisdom ?
it &apos;s going to be better for you or worse than you , and it &apos;s also connected to us .
thank you .
now , i want you to imagine a robot that can make you feel like you &apos;re going to be able to walk up and stand up and stand up in a chair .
we call them the dış-iskeletler robot .
this is actually what you &apos;re going to take in the morning , whether you &apos;re going to give you extra support and help you build your balance and help you in this part of the machine , in fact , the real human integration .
but it &apos;s not only about it that , but it &apos;s going to connect with the world and the other devices that you have with them .
it &apos;s not just a product of imagination .
it &apos;s obvious that the average american soldiers who carry this stuff on their feet are paying you 100 pounds , and they &apos;re obviously starting to talk about 30 percent of their feet , which is why they &apos;re going to be able to take a significant number of feet .
so we thought we should take this issue and produce a skeleton that will help solve this problem .
so let me introduce you to people , which is the &quot; comprehensive burden to people &quot; .
soldier : i can carry out the burden of about 200 pounds of various fields on the ground .
the flexible design allows the çeviklik , the ability to move forward and flexibility .
what i want to do is to get out of where i want to go and increase strength and speed .
we &apos;re ready to get this device together with our industry partner , so we &apos;re ready to take this new year .
so , as you can see , this is a real event .
now let &apos;s take a look at something that &apos;s particularly excited about me , which is the chair .
it is estimated to have 70 million people connected to the world &apos;s life .
this is about one percent of the population .
it &apos;s actually an optimistic estimate .
here we are talking about young people who have lived in the spring of their lives , in the &apos; 60s , in the &apos; 30 years &apos; 70s , and they are the only ones that have suffered damage to the wall .
but the older population is growing .
and it &apos;s a tek , or the only choice , in the case of another polio .
and this is something that actually has been something that has been used for the last 500 years .
so we thought we should have a new page on the ability to move .
now i want to show you that 19 years ago , as a result of the brain damage , and since then , i &apos;d like to introduce the boxtel , the main legs that have been carrying out to these legs .
thank you .
you &apos;re looking at our team on the legs .
there &apos;s the sensors .
it doesn &apos;t allow the system to body the body , which is sending signals to the control unit within her head , and send signals on the device .
so here &apos;s also a batarya box that &apos;s operating on the feet of the diz , which allows them to move easily and natural .
i was at the age of 24 and i was at the age of 24 , when i was doing a ski discipline .
i began to feel my feet at a moment .
after that , a very short time in the hospital , a doctor came to me and said to me , &quot; unfortunately , you &apos;re not going to be going to stop . &quot;
this was back 19 years ago .
at that moment , all the doctor &apos;s hopes were burned .
since then , because of technology , i &apos;ve learned to do it again , i &apos;ve learned to climb rocks and even try to climb rocks .
but nothing that would have been invented for me to walk . so far .
thank you .
we have technology like you can see , we have platform to sit with you and talk to you .
everything we have . we have the potential to change the lives of generations of the future , and it &apos;s not just the soldiers here , but everybody &apos;s life .
thank you .
in new york , i &apos;m at the beginning of a development section of a organization called mount everest .
i do not meet poverty , as a volunteer officer at a fire department .
right now in our city , the volunteers provide support for their high career , and you have to go very much before to intervene in the fire field .
i remember the first fire .
i had a very high chance to have been involved in the second incident , including my volunteers .
but there was a great struggle between the other volunteers to expect the mission to be at the beginning and understand what our tasks are .
when i found that he had a very calm talk with his host , he was probably the worst day in his life .
in the middle of the night , in the middle of the night , it was standing under the rain , under the roof of the roof of the roof , with the roof , the yalın , the alevler house .
just before i was born , the other volunteers , let &apos;s go to the police , and let &apos;s say , &quot; let &apos;s get the dog out of me before i got to go and save my house . &quot;
it &apos;s a dog ! i &apos;m stuck .
and he would say that he was going to go back to the rest of his life , and he would tell the people that he was going to go to a building and save me alive for five seconds .
i was at the time .
he called me up .
he said , &quot; i want to go home .
i want to get up , to the end , to get out , and i want to bring this woman to a pair of shoes . &quot;
thank you .
i mean , i was not what i was hoping , but i went out of the corridor , i went to the wall , and i went to the middle of the door , and i went to the &quot; the middle of the shoes , &quot; and i came to get a pair of bed .
i know what you think , but i &apos;m not a hero .
i took the burden of my task , where i met the merdivenlerden , the front door and the dog at the door .
we went to our house owners , as natural , to more attention than me .
a few weeks later , the section got a letter from the house , and he received a letter from his house , and he thanked us for failing to save his home .
and he had a nice note on the other things : one of them took his shoes even to him .
and my job as a volunteer , i &apos;ve also been involved in my work as a amateur driver , and i &apos;ve been witness on a massive scale , but i &apos;ve also witnessed personal and courage .
and you know what ?
they &apos;re all important .
when you look at the people who have had a big success in this room , or look at it , i can &apos;t wait for you .
don &apos;t expect to win the first to make a change in someone &apos;s life .
if you have something to give you , now give it .
take food at home , clean up a park .
take a human mind .
we can &apos;t get the chance to save a person every day , but it gives us a chance to influence us every day .
so when you go to action -- save the shoes .
thank you .
mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i &apos;ve come from a community of the new human secret .
this is a place where women are competing to show themselves , which is a serious business and entertainment that the rules of the day are being played for me .
oh , this is the old man of san francisco or san francisco .
they &apos;re married and they &apos;re going to share you with your friends .
this is the world of chimpanzees in the congo forest of congo .
you &apos;re close to you with other chimpanzees , and you &apos;re most close to you .
that means that it &apos;s a evolutionary evolution that lived about two million years ago .
now , chimpanzees are known for their şempanzeler .
but what really sad is that when we tell the evolution of human beings , we really have a lot of understanding on this issue .
but they show us the other side of the medal .
the chimpanzees are under the control of the large men , while the men are under the authority of the sex community .
and these guys have actually done something , because this is a very fatal case , which has not yet been seen as a high level of tolerance .
but unfortunately , the chimpanzees , the monkeys , are at least understood .
they live in the deep of congo &apos;s forests , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s very difficult to study them .
the congo is a state of extraordinary biological discovery and diversity , but it was considered the first world war in the wild war , which lasted decades of the heart of the dark , and that it was about as wild as the first world war .
it &apos;s not surprising that this destruction of the monkeys in the survival of the destruction would not be endangered .
it means that we &apos;re not going to be able to put down the rest of the forests in the world , and we &apos;re not sure that we &apos;re not going to be honest and honest , if we &apos;re in the stadium .
despite this , you can hear these violence and chaos on the soil of the trees .
who are these brothers ?
we know that the monkeys who are fighting them , &quot; the monkeys &quot; because they often come to the relationship with each other , and they have to control social conflicts and address issues .
now , i &apos;m not saying that this is a solution to all of humanity &apos;s problems because in his life , there &apos;s more than the rest of the dna than the rest of them .
like humans , humans , like all of their life , like play .
the game is not just for children .
for us , for them , they are based on a game to create friendship , and to build .
it &apos;s where we learn to trust game rules , where we learn game rules .
game creativity increases creativity , interaction and the diversity of the generation is all about the diversity of behavior .
and you &apos;re going to see the roots of the game that you see in which you &apos;re going to see the origins of human beings , the dying of the game .
the game keeps us together .
now , i don &apos;t know how you play , but i want to give you a çift clip from wild life .
first of all , this is a bonobo , and i don &apos;t mean the ball .
so here , there &apos;s a young man who entered the game , and there &apos;s a male .
look what a female does .
it has to be the origin of a former term , and it has caught it from its roots .
i think i &apos;m pretty satisfied with that , right ?
yeah .
here &apos;s the sex game , both in humans and in humans .
and this video is really interesting , because this video shows really interesting , because it shows you the creativity of doing things that don &apos;t play , it &apos;s amazing -- it shows how the game is going to be fun , and it &apos;s also on .
but the game is something that changes .
but what changed the game is a lot of things , and a lot of them can go into a lot of these , and some of these are more sessizdir , which is a place where the field of the forest is discovered .
and i want you to see , this is a young female , and she plays with water .
and i think that , as we &apos;ve discovered , sometimes we play , and we play the outside of our external world .
and it &apos;s such a game that makes us wonder , and then it &apos;s a place where we started to study , and then it &apos;s a place where you have real connections .
so these are small quantities of the past of the past of the species that we have given to us of our time .
but they are also part of a larger future that we need to adapt to a growing world in the future of our future , where we need more creativity and creativity .
the secret is that all of these capacities are key to play .
in other words , play is our wild card .
we need a game to adapt to the world in order to achieve a growing challenge .
but are we going to do most of our game ?
it &apos;s not just a game .
no play .
for humans and people , it &apos;s not just for life , and it &apos;s not in the mouth .
when the game is most unnecessary , it may be the most important time .
and that &apos;s from my evolution , let &apos;s look at this gift that comes from my parents , and let &apos;s play with this gift , and explore creativity and creativity .
thank you .
i want you to imagine you in the middle of the two double couple , and in the middle of the year , both babies are doing two babies per day , ok .
each of these two brothers makes a baby .
i don &apos;t want you to imagine a lot of the baby alone , because if you spend a lot of time trying to imagine that part of it , you don &apos;t hear me .
now just imagine that moment .
and in this scenario , and in this case , i want you to imagine that in this case , the gene is carrying the gene of the gene , the x of the eggs .
and in the other example , the x x is carrying the dna of the eggs .
two of them are alive , and they go out .
we &apos;re going to go back to these people .
i &apos;m wearing two şapka in general .
one of these guys is the history of the şapkanın .
i &apos;m one of my history training , and i &apos;m talking about how people in this field are interested in the brain , and i mean , how they think about the human bodies , their bodies , their bodies , their bodies , their bodies .
i use the patient as an activist in my house , or as a patient , sometimes as i say , i &apos;m using a patient , and i &apos;m using a patient for people who have a patient .
in these cases , people who i work on are reading social norms that i &apos;m trying to work with .
so the part of what i &apos;m trying to work is , for example , is that there are two billion people in a single body , a single human body .
part of what i &apos;m trying to work is that people who are very , very , very short , are humans .
and what i &apos;m trying to work with is that people who have a big gender -- that &apos;s the standard human body -- that &apos;s not women , or women .
we use the term &quot; gender &quot; for this .
there are many different forms of gender .
i &apos;m going to give you a couple of examples of women who don &apos;t comply with standard standards of gender .
in part of this , you have one of them , which is a temelli gene , and there &apos;s a gene gene gene gene , which tells us all of us that when we &apos;re in a gene , we &apos;re in the face of the gene .
and so , the more mothers are starting to try to pump up .
but the body does not produce these separate cells from the body .
and it &apos;s called the syndrome syndrome syndrome .
there &apos;s a lot of carbon levels , but there &apos;s no reaction to one .
as a result , the body is moving towards much more women .
and when the baby was born , she looks at the girl .
he was born like a girl and a girl .
and as this girl goes into age , she goes up to age , and she starts to grow up , and she starts to grow up , but she doesn &apos;t need to find out what someone is there .
and tests are being done to understand and begin in the body , and instead of a body , there &apos;s a girl in the body , and there &apos;s a gene in the body .
now the important thing that you need to be to think about is that these guys are actually men and men .
women , like men , there are structures that are called the bodies of our bodies .
it &apos;s in the back of our bodies .
and they produce kidney organs , which is why it &apos;s men .
so many women , like me , i accept myself as a typical woman , and i don &apos;t know that i have the status of my own , but i don &apos;t think i &apos;m probably quite likely to be a lot of women like me .
so we &apos;re producing italy , and we react to italy .
so as a result , someone like me has a brain that is more open to women with breast cancer than in the brain .
in short , the gender work is really mixed , and there are no other gender problems between all these gender and gender equality among all of these societies .
another example , a couple of years ago , he called me a man who was born , as a man , was born and as a man , he was born with his friend , who was born as a girl , and he was learning a girl like a girl and a girl who was born with her friend , and she was born and was a little girl .
but at the point there is a situation called the fazlalığı , which is called the liver .
and when they have the dna , they &apos;re in the middle of the dna , they &apos;ve worked too much , and that &apos;s actually created a erkeksi environment .
and as a result of sexual organs , we have a lot of sex in the brain .
and when he was born , he looked like a male -- no one is afraid of anything .
and until that age of 19 , but after some medical problems , some medical doctors have been living in the face of this particular man , and they put the reason for him to have a young woman .
okay , i &apos;m going to go to another example of what you might be like to be , right ?
some of the people who are in the genome are developing , so you have a ovo-testis , and you have the xx , and you have the testis tissue .
we don &apos;t know why this is all about .
there &apos;s a lot of different types of gender .
this is the kind of thing that the children want to have these bodies , whether it &apos;s like a polio , or a ikizlik , which is usually normal -- that &apos;s not what they feel , but they feel better .
in many cases , these people are very healthy .
the reason they enter these operations is that they are threatening our social risk of our katogorilerimizi .
or the system , in general , is based on the basis of certain kimliklerle societies .
we have a concept that means to have women &apos;s identity , which means that you should have the evolution of the african woman , you know , to be african .
we have a very , very simple idea .
and when we come to face a body , it tells us a lot more different things than that , that &apos;s because of us .
so we have very romantic ideas about our culture .
and in fact , our country has been established on the idea of a very romantic love in our country .
you can imagine how it started , tell you , when your children were born in a body of two people .
i &apos;ve been involved in the men &apos;s event last year as an african athlete , and i joined the international debate in the men &apos;s events in berlin .
many journalists were looking for me and asked me what tests would be done to understand what male tests would be done to find a woman or a woman .
and i had to explain to reporters that there was no test .
now we know that in fact , we have to know that we have enough women and men , and men and men , and men , or gender between men , or in nature , and in nature , we actually have to be in nature .
now , we &apos;ve come to a place where science is that when we think that as we &apos;re going to admit to ourselves , we &apos;re basically more complex than what we think of is that these categories of identity that we &apos;re actually starting to be able to find in our head .
and that &apos;s not just gender .
at the same time , it &apos;s much more complex than that race is allowed to allow us to .
we &apos;re moving closer to the areas where we study .
by looking at dna , 95 percent of our brains are the same with chimpanzees .
is it just a few genes that make us different from them ?
as we go through science and science , we &apos;re basically going to a lot more uncomfortable to the point where the categories that we &apos;re not supposed to be able to accept just a little bit of what we &apos;re doing .
and we see this in every human life .
so here &apos;s another example of what we see in our culture today in america , where life begins and the end of life .
we have a different view of what the body does in different parts of the body when it decides to be right to be human .
we &apos;ve been discussing very hard issues , as if someone is dead today , probably as much as it is in medicine .
in the past , when one of our ancestors died , they &apos;d been asking this question .
they were often kept under the skin of the person , and if they were in the hands of it .
they were sitting in the outside .
but today , we &apos;re going to take people &apos;s organs to deal with other people &apos;s bodies and end up with this very difficult question of who is dead , and it &apos;s more difficult than what we &apos;re doing to do before .
now most of you may think that these categories are happy like me , like me .
i &apos;m thinking about a political innovation , which is not normal , but i should admit that it &apos;s even concerned me .
and what we think about these categories is that it takes me to have a lot more variable .
and when i think about the perspective of democracy .
to give you all this tension , i have to tell you that i was the first big fan of the american founding .
i know that they were wrong and they were gender , but they were fantastic .
so it &apos;s a lot of bold and courageous , and so i &apos;m watching a bunch of hours of radicals , so i &apos;m watching the music , not just because of the music that &apos;s so easy .
it &apos;s about what it is for us to do with their founding .
and my idea is that the american activists , in fact , are the original activists , that &apos;s why .
and they didn &apos;t think about it , and they changed it with something else , and that &apos;s what the radical radicals hold us in 200 years .
all of you , as you all remember , it was based on a very simple concept of the liberal revolution and the term that we all remember .
the former king of the world was unaware of the dna , but they had the concept of rights that happened to birth .
he had the concept of his father .
they had the idea that people who could have power within political power had the idea that they should have the political power in the middle and the blood , and that they should have political power .
we didn &apos;t like this idea , and they changed it , and they changed it , and that &apos;s the idea that all these people were created equal .
they balance the game space , and they decided , instead of what &apos;s important is the evolution of the skull , and it &apos;s a very radical movement .
now they did a part of this because they were part of the system of the light system , where two things grew together .
and on the other hand , democracy is rising , and also in science .
and this is very clear , if you look at the history of our ancestors , you will see that most of our scientists are interested in science , and they &apos;re about the concept of the world .
they were walking away from the evil statements , and they were thinking about the concepts of force , such as missing birth .
it &apos;s going to go towards an idea of another species .
if you look at the declaration of independence , you &apos;ll see that nature and nature are talking about the god of nature .
they &apos;re not talking about god and the nature of god .
they talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
so part of this was about the size of the concept that they brought us with .
and they did this in the future with a very beautiful way to connect human rights movements .
they didn &apos;t think it would be that way , but they did it for us , and it &apos;s an amazing contribution .
so what happened for years ?
for example , the women who had the right to vote were women who wanted to have the right to have the right to have , they were more important than the genetic differences , and said , &quot; we don &apos;t have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the right to have the
and women and women discussed this .
and then the successful human rights movement came in , and they said , &quot; i don &apos;t know , i &apos;m not a woman . &quot;
and in front of the human rights movement , walking in front of the front movement , &quot; i &apos;m familiar men . &quot;
again , the color of people came in a more successful way than ever before , in the same way , in a visual context .
we also saw the same thing with disabled rights movements .
and the problem here is , when we start to see these differences , we start to question why we do these differences .
now notice from you , i want you to make certain kinds of structural differences in our culture .
for example , i don &apos;t want to give a fish the right to give a human right to a fish .
i don &apos;t really want to leave the brain .
i don &apos;t want to say to five or five years of sexual marriage .
you know , there are certain kinds of things like this , and you have to express me a sense of meaning .
but what we need to do here is what &apos;s going to have to do and what the meaning is , what the meaning is .
so let &apos;s go back to the two double baby babies doing that at the beginning of my talk .
we have two brothers , two of them , in the middle of 1984 , made the baby in the same day .
one of them is mary , she was born three months earlier , was born on january 1st , 1980 .
on the other hand , henry was born on time on april 1st , 1980 .
since mary mary was born three months ago , she has the right to right to vote for alcohol , as she has three months before she was born .
you have to wait for all these things , but it &apos;s not because it &apos;s a different age , because of what happens when he &apos;s born .
we also found out what their rights are .
i didn &apos;t tell you that it &apos;s just because henry was a man , and i didn &apos;t tell you that he was in charge of his military service -- because he &apos;s responsible for him , he &apos;s not going to worry .
in the meantime , it &apos;s not the right to have rights in all the states where mary has . like , for example .
henry was married with a woman in all the states , but today , mary is only a few women in the province .
so , you can see , there &apos;s a lot of problems , and there &apos;s still a lot of cognitive categories .
and i &apos;m looking at the question , what are we going to do when we &apos;re going to move forward to this point where we &apos;re going to get to a place where we &apos;re going to get to a good understanding of democracy ?
i don &apos;t want to give up science , but i also feel like science is getting under the ground .
where are we going to go ?
what &apos;s happening in our culture looks like a sort of pragmatic attitude : &quot; ok , we have to draw these lines in these places , so we &apos;re going to draw these lines . &quot;
but many face strange situations .
so for example , at some point , you have to have a gene that &apos;s not supposed to be married to be a man , and you have to have a gene for a woman .
in practice , people don &apos;t test their dna .
but this is what i told you about , in the beginning , is very strange because of the obesity syndrome .
and if we look at the founder of modern democracy , dr. martin martin luther king offers a solution to us , &quot; i have a dream . &quot;
he tells us that &quot; we need to judge people to the color of the skin , &quot; and we need to be able to look forward to their characters .
and i said , &quot; oh , this is really a good idea . &quot;
but how do you do that in practice ?
how do you think of people in their character ?
i also want to make sure that i &apos;m not sure how we should give people their rights , because i have to admit that some of the dogs that i know , i know , have a lot more social service than the people i know .
in fact , i think there are more intelligent and more intelligent decisions that i know about some of the yellow sharks that i know about sexual exploitation , as well as humans .
so how do we bring the content of the character ?
it looks like a very difficult job .
and i wonder if a character can be seen in the future , so i could see the content of the character in the future ?
what do we really want to move forward to this point ?
i &apos;m not sure where we go .
and what i know is that the american chamber is very important to think about the problem of democracy .
we have done very well in the fight against democracy , and i think we &apos;re going to have good jobs in the future .
we don &apos;t have a environment like iran , like a male , like a male , but if you accept a sexual desire to change the gender , then death penalty is applied .
we don &apos;t have such situations .
i &apos;m happy to talk about things like this -- i &apos;ve talked to a couple of years ago -- to have a surgeon , just to make a name for her .
but when i talk to the phone , i asked him why he was doing a risky surgery , so he had to do so bad in these countries , so he had to do so .
and the answer to me was , &quot; well , what did you think of the political asylum right ?
the united states offers incredible opportunities to allow people to live and change them to the american corner .
so i think we should be in leadership .
before i finish my talk , i &apos;d like to ask you to talk to you about our partners , and talk about it .
and i want you to think about what the possibilities of democracy , or what it looks like if we &apos;re going to do with our kids .
and i want to tell you something that &apos;s going to be a little bit radical for you , especially when a group of people who think that there &apos;s a different kinds of views of different kinds of societies .
i &apos;ve been interested in gender issues for years now , and i &apos;m also interested in changing gender research .
and in particular , there &apos;s another issue that i &apos;m particularly interested in , and there are differences between men and the world .
and we know that in the study of cultural and cultural studies , women are all vulnerable to being more careful in their social relations , not in the average , but in a group of people who are more careful in their relations .
if we think about it , we have a very interesting situation .
for years ago , one of my students who knew i was interested in the master of mine , and i was still thinking , &quot; i &apos;m still asking me a very strange question .
tell me , &quot; well , what is gender . &quot;
i thought , &quot; well , this is the most stupid question i &apos;ve ever heard in my life . &quot;
it &apos;s not all about gender equality , so there &apos;s nothing in the middle of women . &quot;
but when i think about the question , i started thinking about something thinking about it as a woman , i started to think she could be thinking about sex .
let &apos;s say something is different from the women &apos;s brain , which is different from the average male brain , makes us more careful in social relations and more careful against us .
we didn &apos;t know how to protect the individuals in america , if we had more care about the protection of the individuals , we would have more of our parents than we could do , not just know how to protect each other .
maybe this is where we need to go into the future , and think more about relations than we think about the identity of the individuals , when we carry out democracy , we think about their bodies .
so we &apos;re thinking that when people try to create better units , we think about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
me and this is mine .
but before i show you what it &apos;s inside , i &apos;m going to admit something , i &apos;m going to admit i &apos;m wearing a room .
i love to find out , and at the top of the time , i write different kinds of kıyafetlerin and fotoğraflarını images for all the time .
but i don &apos;t buy anything new .
i get all my clothes used and i get my second hand from the savings shop .
thank you .
the second round of shopping , and it allows me to reduce the impact on the environment .
i meet all sorts of wonderful people -- usually i think i &apos;m going to a good place -- and it &apos;s very different -- and it &apos;s sort of a personal treasure for me to share .
what am i going to do today ? i call it .
will it be in my body ?
can i see color ?
will it be under 20 dollars ?
if all the answers are yes , i feel like i won .
so i want to go back to the highway and i &apos;m going to show you what i &apos;m going to do next week at ted .
who brings all these clothes together ?
so i &apos;m going to show you exactly what i &apos;m doing .
i brought them seven pair of shoes all up to that .
so i put it on a week of internal affairs , and that &apos;s all this .
i went into the stock exchange , where i could like to wear everything i could expect to be in the palm oil .
and before you know me , i was a woman who was walking around ted , and i found out a couple of things .
and i want to show you a week that i &apos;m going to give you enough clothes .
does it sound nice ?
and when i do that , i &apos;m going to tell you a couple of years of life lessons , or believe , this is not one of the new ones that i get .
let &apos;s start with sunday .
i call this a brilliant cat .
you don &apos;t have to spend a lot of money to look great .
you can see , almost every time , 50 dollars is extraordinary .
and i was going to take all of this clothing , and that &apos;s the $ 55 , and that &apos;s the most expensive for every week .
monday : there should be strong color .
it &apos;s almost impossible if you &apos;re going to be a bright red hair , if you &apos;re in a bad spirit .
if you &apos;re happy , you &apos;re going to be happy with other people .
tuesday : it looks like a uyumlu .
i spent a lot of my life trying to be a part of my life , and i also spent a lot of time working in harmony .
no one &apos;s just the one .
if you get to the right person , you can &apos;t have to understand this with the people , they will do it .
wednesday : you &apos;re in your face .
sometimes people say to me , you &apos;re playing a lot of games , or i remind them of their yaşlarındaki .
i love it and say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
thursday : most importantly , trust itself .
if you think you &apos;re a good thing about something , you &apos;re certainly .
and if you think about something good , you probably don &apos;t know .
i grew up this day , and i grew up with a mother in the outside of this day .
but i understood what that means , but when i was 30 years old .
and i &apos;m going to just take this for a second .
if you &apos;re in the inside , and you believe that you &apos;re a beautiful person , there &apos;s no one to get the eye from you .
so we don &apos;t have any efforts against this audience here .
we &apos;ll end up when we want to influence it .
thank you .
friday : it &apos;s a universal one for you -- five words for you : gold .
and finally , saturday : it &apos;s a very wonderful way to develop your own personal lifestyle to tell you something unique about all of the world .
this week , i &apos;ve been able to prove that there are people coming back to me over because of me because of me , and we &apos;ve been very beautiful .
it turns out that my small business is not going to be done in this way .
before i go home to boston , i &apos;ll give you everything .
because this week i &apos;m trying to teach myself the full lesson that i &apos;m trying to learn .
i don &apos;t need to have these emotional clothes , because every time , every corner , every corner of the corner , i look at me and look at me a little bit of love , if i look at my heart .
thank you very much .
thank you .
everybody , good evening .
there &apos;s something i want to show you .
think of it as a piksel .
we call this smart design in our lab .
i &apos;m going to talk a little bit about this .
now let &apos;s take this picture -- i &apos;m actually a aslen boy , and every single boy in france , and this is a very interesting idea of showing you that in the past decade we &apos;ve seen this .
first of a time , you take the budget to win the race , and you take this budget as a good car and you put it in a car .
and if you &apos;re a car and a car driver , you get good enough , you get the race .
today , in order to win , you need something like this , and you need to do something like this -- the real information that &apos;s going on the car , and then you have a few thousand cars that are able to bring back information into the system , and then bring back information into a system .
in the engineering process , it &apos;s called a real control system .
it &apos;s basically a system of two components -- a operating component and a perception component .
today , what &apos;s interesting is that we have real control systems in our lives .
in the past years , our cities have been covered with electronic networks .
they &apos;re like air computers .
and they react in different ways , such as computers in the open air , and in different ways .
if we can fix our cities , it &apos;s very important .
i want to talk about one side , which is our cities , and our cities are only about two percent of the earth , but the world &apos;s population is home .
about 70 per cent of energy consumption is responsible for about 40 percent of co2 emissions .
if we can do something about cities , it will be important .
beyond cities , all these components of perception and operating objects are also affecting daily objects .
this year , he will hold an exhibition in tokyo during the summer .
it &apos;s called &quot; talk to me . &quot;
our objects , our environment , start talking with us .
in a sense , all of the atoms around the world have begun to be both the işletim and the operating components .
and that &apos;s how people are going to change our radical interaction with the outside .
in a sense , it &apos;s like the dream of ceiling .
you know , when he was doing his sculpture , he was told to take his statue , and he was told , &quot; actually , &quot; can you see if you put a little hz in the middle of a -- , &quot; and why are you going to see ? &quot;
for the first time today , our environment began to talk to us .
i &apos;m going to show you a couple of examples of what we &apos;re going to do with the perception and the idea of our environment .
let &apos;s start with perception .
the first project i want to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
four and a half years ago italy was in italy .
and what we &apos;re doing is actually using the whole world , the mobile phone network -- a network that was distributed on time -- and we would try to figure out how it works by a network of users in this network that was collected by the city .
he wrote a lucky 2006 .
italy won the world cup .
some of you may remember that italy was playing with france , and eventually he had hit a player with his head .
anyway , france won .
now i want to take you to take attention to what &apos;s happening on the network .
here you see the city .
you see at the middle of rome , it looks like the river .
it was the morning before the match .
you see the top line on the top .
after the afternoon , people in various places do search and move .
the match starts ; there &apos;s 45 silence .
france is taking a goals . it takes a goal .
the first half is the end of the first half , people are looking for a toilet .
the second half of the game , the normal term ends .
half the first half of them , half .
he &apos;s in his head with his head , the moment .
it gains france . yes !
that night , everybody went to the center to celebrate .
you see the top of the big bang .
the next day , everybody gathered in downtown to meet the prime minister .
and then everybody went down to the bottom of the map .
you see here , here &apos;s a big party that has been collected since the time of rome , where people gathered to celebrate their celebrations -- there &apos;s a big party , over the end of the day .
this is one of the examples we can use to perception the city , and we can &apos;t do it just a few years ago .
let &apos;s give you an example of how we use it , not about humans , but it &apos;s about things that we use , and things we use .
today we know where our ancestors come from .
this map shows how a computer knows about all of the apple producers and how they came together .
but we know little about where these items go .
so , in this project , we &apos;ve developed some small pieces of tools that we can move within the system , which we can move around .
so , about a year ago , when they took them to this project , they started with a few volunteers in seattle who were helping us , and they were going to take all these things up here , and they &apos;re already going to see these things .
and then we went through a little chip , put a little chip on it , and then we followed it on it .
these are the results we get .
from seattle .
a week later .
we understand that this system is very inefficient .
in fact , we can do it with very little energy .
these data didn &apos;t exist before .
but shipping and mixed incidents are being done .
but we believe that we still have a place where we &apos;ve taken every day in the world .
and if we notice that this bottle is permanent , it &apos;s the place .
we can encourage people to change in their behavior .
that &apos;s the purpose of the project .
my colleague at mit may give us a lot more information about perception and an incredible amount of information , but i want to take the second part of this part that we &apos;re talking about , especially when we &apos;re talking about brains .
the first project is something that we &apos;ve done in spain a few years ago .
the mayor of the city began to come and ask us , and there &apos;s a beautiful tradition in the areas of spain and south europe in the public sector , to use the tradition of water .
the question was : how could technology be added to this new technology ?
one of the ideas that was developed in mit was about opening up the door , which was about a pipeline that was closed with the windows .
you create a wall that &apos;s made of water .
if you can create images , you can make them , you can put them on text , you can show them , you can see the text .
and as you can get out of it , it can be opened , as you can see in this picture .
so we presented it to the mayor of jahjaga .
he loved it .
and it &apos;s been designed to design a building in the door of the room .
we called the building the digital water garden .
the whole building consists of water .
you don &apos;t have the door or the door , but you &apos;re going to go in to get in .
the roof will be covered with water .
and if you have a little bit of wind , you can put it in a little bit of water , you can see the water jump .
or you can go to the building , and all of this architecture will be lost .
when this winter was taken off , they went there and visited the building where people visited the building , and they said , &quot; they &apos;ve done some news . &quot;
no , they didn &apos;t have the building , they were able to put the building alone , and they almost disappeared from architecture .
you can see how the building works .
here you see the person who &apos;s trying to learn what &apos;s inside the building .
and i &apos;m trying to break down with the water that &apos;s trying to do it , and i &apos;m trying to break down .
i &apos;m going to tell you what the sensors are when they &apos;re working at night .
it was actually more fun at night .
all the young people in barcelona came to the building because the building had changed their interaction with the building .
so you &apos;re not going to go into the building , but you &apos;re still in the water room , and you have to get out of it , and you have to get out of it , and you have to get out of it .
this is very interesting for us , because architects , engineers and designers , always think about how people design things that we design as designers .
but what &apos;s going to happen is hard to predict .
and this is the beauty of doing things that are used on the side of people and interact with them .
this is an image of a building that &apos;s made of images of the object , which is the physical acts of the water , which is made of images from water .
and that &apos;s what i &apos;m going to show you now to think about the project .
imagine these pictures are flying .
imagine if you have small helicopter flying in the air , and think about the light that every one of you have in each of them , it &apos;s like a cloud that can move in space .
here &apos;s the video .
in your mind , you know , it &apos;s a helicopter that &apos;s moving along with similar examples of what we &apos;ve seen before .
you can get a cloud like this .
you might have a flexible screen , so this is a regular basis of two dimensions .
or three-dimensional , but what &apos;s going on here is that it &apos;s changing , not the size of the screen .
you can play with a different species .
imagine if you &apos;re on the screen suddenly , or on the scale , you can think of a variety of dimensions .
but all of these things that you can get from , and you can see a three-dimensional picture of the cloud that you can see from within it .
this is actually what you see before , which is actually going down to create a regular basis of the arm .
you see the light of it when you open you open it , which is the same as we &apos;ve seen before .
and think of each one being managed by people .
each photo can be controlled by control of people &apos;s actions or actions .
i &apos;m going to show you something for the first time .
with one of the leading ballet players today , we &apos;ve worked with barroso in new york city -- and we &apos;ve managed to capture and use their -- actions in milan and milan , in 3d .
you can see robert dancing here .
on the left , you see the pictures that are caught on the left .
it was used both in 3d and in real time to capture and capture .
the whole movement , by the end of the beginning , is all the movement .
you can do it again .
and then you can get them with them , and then you have to play with color and space and space .
so we &apos;d like to use it as a possible way to use it as a risk .
i want to show you the last project that we &apos;ve been on .
it &apos;s something that we &apos;re working on for the olympics in london .
it &apos;s called the cloud .
so here &apos;s the idea that they change the way people do things , and they change our environment , and the thing we call &quot; cloud , &quot; but there &apos;s a cloud like this .
think everybody has contributed to an image .
and the interesting thing that happened in the last few years is that , in the last decade , we &apos;ve been transition from the physical world to the virtual world .
we got all our information digital , and we made it through the internet .
for the first time today -- and this has shown us that obama &apos;s election campaign showed us -- is the power of digital networks from the world , from the physical world .
in our case , we want to design and use the symbol to build it .
this means something built in a city .
but tomorrow , in order to overcome the challenge of us today , think about climate change -- or co2 , how we &apos;re going to move from the digital world to digital world .
it was created in a way that people could do it .
it &apos;s a cloud of cloud , which is a cloud of clouds , and it &apos;s a cloud of clouds .
and those particles in the water particles are a cloud of the cloud of our cloud .
it &apos;s a physical structure in london .
they can live in different kinds of experiences .
you can share the most important moments of events in the 2012 olympics and then you can share the moments of the most important events , and it may be a serious tool to connect individuals with society .
it will be possible both by the cloud and the sky , and it will be possible that london &apos;s new mountain .
you can go into it .
and the night will be a symbol of a new city , but most importantly , it will be a new experience for everyone who &apos;s going up to grow up .
thank you .
as an artist , it &apos;s very important for me .
i &apos;m trying to transfer people to each other through nature to one another that they are not separate from nature .
when i went to antarctica for the first 10 years ago , i first saw the mountains .
i was stuck .
and as i was trying to understand things that were standing up in my face , my heart was moving quickly .
i was about 60 feet above the surface of the water mountains around me , and i didn &apos;t think about how one of them took me over the years to collect snow .
the mountains of mountains or ice are formed by ice or ice .
each of the ice has a unique self .
they have a different way of communication with their friends and their lives .
some would like to give up , and the end of the pain , and some of them would have a dramatic passion , which is that they are now losing passion .
when you look at the ice , it &apos;s easy to think that they &apos;re isolated , and they &apos;re not alone , and we &apos;re looking at ourselves like this .
but the truth is far from that .
when i was a glacier , i &apos;m taking the ancient atmosphere of the ice .
and when it comes down , it gives the rich water that feed a lot of bacteria that feed most lives .
and as i take this picture of the ice , i take this picture of the old family of the glacier , and i take them to see them in a way that my family is now more like this , and it &apos;s not going to happen again .
it &apos;s not a death of time , but it &apos;s a continuation of their journey on life .
i took a picture of some of the mountains of the mountains , which is a couple of thousand years old .
and some of them are huge .
so i &apos;m going to show you a few last pictures i &apos;ve taken from the glacier , which i &apos;ve taken in the arctic .
it &apos;s a rare possibility to witness the fall of a ice mountain .
and here it is .
you can see the little boat on the left .
this is a 5 boat .
and i &apos;d like to take you attention to the bottom of the ice .
as you can see , the boat went down to the side , and he &apos;s standing there .
this is the average size of the arctic ice .
it &apos;s about 120 feet , or 40 feet , above it .
and this video is actually shot .
and so here &apos;s what you &apos;re going to show you another side of the glacier .
thank you .
i &apos;ve had some amazing work in my life .
but this is the most cool thing i do .
this is called the &quot; tempt . &quot;
in the &apos; 80s &apos; 80s , it &apos;s the most famous artist of mine .
and she came home one day , and she came home and said , &quot; my father is ants . &quot;
and this was the beginning of the belene .
now i &apos;m going to be completely paralyzed .
he can just move his eyes .
i kept holding it .
there &apos;s a company that &apos;s a design and animation company , so clearly , that we &apos;ve heard of respect and respect in the art world .
and so we decided that we will be the purpose of tony , and we &apos;re going to be the organization .
and then i went to meet his father and his brother , and he said , &quot; we &apos;ll give you this money .
what do you do with the money ? &quot;
and he said , &quot; i want to talk to her brother , tony .
i just want to be able to communicate with him and to communicate with me , &quot; he said .
and i said , &quot; wait a second , i &apos;ve seen stephen stephen , all of these people don &apos;t interact with these devices ? &quot;
and he said , &quot; no , no , no , it &apos;s a very surprising insurance , but you can &apos;t do that .
these devices are not the devices that people can reach , &quot; he said .
and i said , &quot; well how do you communicate ? &quot;
everybody was watching the film , &quot; the octopus , &quot; ?
and that &apos;s how they &apos;re doing it , they &apos;re putting their fingers .
&quot; this is very old . how could this be ? &quot;
i just came to write for a czech republic , and i wrote a czech republic where i had no idea what i would like to do instead .
and then i promised to his brother and his brother , &quot; here &apos;s the agreement : we &apos;ll talk to him , and we &apos;ll find a way to continue the process to perform machine art .
because it has the ability to do anything about art , and it has the ability to do so . &quot;
so i talked to a few months later at a conference .
i met the people called me . i &apos;ve met the research lab , and they have a signal to the surface , and then they have these technologies that allow them to move into the surface , and then they have the laser .
so they go somewhere and do art images like this .
everything goes up there , and they &apos;ve got a life cycle .
she starts with her first sexual organs , and then she starts with words , and then bush &apos;s face , and there &apos;s actually art for people .
but they always had a cycle of life .
so i went home and i sat down with my wife , and i was thinking about this , &quot; well , that &apos;s why if you could have a grafiti , you know , if you could have a laser , and why would be able to control this technology . &quot;
so our journey started .
and about two years later , about a year later , about a year later , we managed to do a couple of things around a organization and a lot of things .
we destroyed the insurance companies &apos; doors , and we actually took one machine , which would allow us to communicate to the night .
this is amazing .
and he &apos;s one of the most exciting things -- i say to him , because you &apos;re talking to him , you &apos;re talking to him , you &apos;re a electronic email , and you &apos;re not very surprising . &quot;
and the other thing that we did is we brought all over the world from all over -- we brought seven programs to our home in every corner of the world .
my wife and my children moved to the background , and i was in the back of the car , and they moved to our house , and they created these kinds of conspiracy and conspiracy and software theory .
because of what we did , many of our friends thought we were absolutely stupid , and the next day we were going to be going to go back to the walls of the wall , and there would be paintings .
but as soon as we did two weeks ago , we went to 11 , including my children , my dog , and we created this .
and you can see this , and you can see the explanation .
this is a cheap pair of gözlük , which we bought in the coast coast coast coast coast coast , a little bit of the copper cable and a little bit of material from the radio station .
we took the camera to open the light , we &apos;ve got a heklenmiş device to open it , and now we &apos;re using a free device that you can use for free , free , free , free , free .
and we certainly did a device that doesn &apos;t have any limits .
no , no , no insurance company .
no , no , no .
and now , who &apos;s been paralyzed , actually , has the opportunity to communicate or communicate with their eyes .
thank you .
thank you very much friends . this is amazing .
at the end of the two weeks , we went to the order room .
i love this picture because this is the chamber of somebody else , and that &apos;s her .
and then from that , it &apos;s a tunnel to create the product .
over a year and a year of planning , it took us seven weeks to sit and sit and sit on the whole night , and then tony &apos;s first once again .
and this is an amazing picture , because it &apos;s looking through life support system and support system .
we can see the bed out of the bed .
and we set up the wall outside the hospital , which is located outside the wall .
and for the first time , again , you can imagine what the feeling of park was in front of his family and his friends .
what &apos;s funny is that we were forced to go to a park , so we felt completely legal .
at the end of this , he sent us a email to us , and he wrote , &quot; this is the first time that i &apos;ve never seen in seven years .
it was being kept under the water , and eventually someone got me , and i could get my head up and then breathe . &quot;
that &apos;s not great .
this is something like our victory .
this is what makes us continue to develop and develop .
we have a lot of ways to go about this .
this is a very surprising device , but it can &apos;t be taken out of wood .
one of the potential to have the artistic potential has more rights .
so we &apos;re in the process of trying to figure out how to do that better , faster , powerful .
since then , we have all sorts of information .
we won a lot of awards .
remember -- this is free -- none of us get money through this .
every time we go out of us .
&quot; oh , this is fantastic . &quot;
he congratulated us , and then in december , when the time magazine took us in the best time magazine in 2010 , he actually honoured us .
this is the most beautiful thing about this -- and this is the whole circle that completed this year -- this year in april , the art of los angeles will be called &quot; the art of the streets &quot; .
in the &quot; streets &quot; art of street art &quot; , bank artists will be going to be going to be good artists of street art , and they &apos;re all going to be there .
it &apos;s going to be in the show , and that &apos;s fantastic .
actually what i want to tell you is , if you see something impossible , you can do it .
everything in this room was impossible -- this is the stage , this computer , this is a computer , at a point -- that &apos;s impossible .
it &apos;s -- -- everyone in this room .
i don &apos;t know , i &apos;ve never done anything about recognition technology , but i &apos;ve just noticed myself , and i put myself into something interesting and so that we have something to do with people .
and when it comes to mind that something that &apos;s supposed to be done every day , if it &apos;s not the question , then , what if it &apos;s time , and i &apos;m not ?
thank you everyone .
you know , i write books for children , and probably the most popular american books in america .
and i always tell you that i don &apos;t want to go out like a scientist .
i can come to the farmer , or i would say , &quot; i would say , &quot; no one has been able to do it .
i &apos;m going to talk to you today about understanding the secret of some parts and things .
you know , we &apos;re going to leave the secret of something .
when we go forward , the block is an official circle .
i &apos;ve done this with a friend of my friend richard prosper .
i &apos;m going to tell you today a complicated circle .
my circle started in the &apos; 60 years &apos; 60s , at a high school in ohio .
every week , i was a kid in the men &apos;s room , and i was a teacher who saved my life .
my life saved my life by allowing teachers to use the toilet in the room .
this is for three years .
he did it .
and i had to escape from that city .
i had a finger , i had 85 dollars , and i went to san francisco , california -- and i found myself in the &apos; 80s , and i heard an organization about aids in the &apos; 80s .
two or three years ago , in the middle of the night , i got a teacher from that post in the middle of the night , &quot; i have to see you .
i &apos;m happy that we don &apos;t know each other as adults .
please come to ohio , and please come up with the man i know that he has found so far .
and i have to say that i should have cancer , and please keep your hand quickly . &quot;
the next day we were in boston .
and we looked at him like this , and we saw that he needed to stay in his hospital .
we found one , we got it there , and we looked at it , and we looked at it , because it was necessary .
it was something we know how to do .
and when a woman who wanted to know me as a adult , she finally turned me into a box and turned me back .
and what happened was that the circle was closed , it turned into a circle , and i had the secret of the incident that i mentioned before .
death is a part of life .
he saved my life , and i and my partner .
and you know , the rest of life need to do what other parts do .
i &apos;m very happy to have beauty and beauty and i &apos;m happy to talk about it .
and we also want to give love and love and happiness , and our job to others .
thank you .
it &apos;s actually quite simple .
we don &apos;t want iran to get a bomb .
they are the main purpose of developing nuclear weapons of their nuclear weapons .
these gray boxes that you see in time , the actual control systems .
if we can make these systems that control the pace of work and control them , we can cause many problems .
they don &apos;t use gray boxes ; they &apos;re completely different technology .
but if we manage to put it in a good operating computer using the gray box , then we have a job , which means that it &apos;s working .
and this is the scenario that we &apos;ve got to do in the end of the conversation .
so we start with a system that would reduce windows .
the main burden is going to the gray box , which is damaged , and the iraqi nuclear programme was completed by the end of the delay .
it &apos;s easy , right ?
i want to tell you how we do this .
when we started our research about six months ago , it was completely unknown to what this purpose was .
the only known thing was that the windows had a lot of software , which was very complicated , the sıfır dots were used for zero days .
and these gray boxes were looking at things like doing something like doing real control systems .
this has taken our attention , and we launched a lab project , and we &apos;ve launched our environment and tried this thing .
and then it became funny things .
he was kind of gibi like a mouse , and he didn &apos;t like us , but he didn &apos;t want to eat .
it didn &apos;t seem meaningful to me .
and after the experiments that we did with different foods , i realized that this is a direct attack .
it &apos;s all connected .
he doesn &apos;t do anything with the gray box , even if he &apos;s trying to get the right program , he &apos;s doing his job , and he doesn &apos;t do it with the gray box , he doesn &apos;t do it .
this has taken me attention , and we started working on it literally , because we don &apos;t know what it is .
the goal is , in the united states , the power plant could be a chemical facility in germany or germany .
first of all , we need to get the target .
we put it in the wrong way , and we discovered the code , and we discovered two digital bombs that were built on -- a big , big bomb .
and we also saw that engineers worked very professional with all kinds of information from the inside .
they knew the outside of what they were going to attack .
they probably knew that he was going to do a shoe store .
so they knew everything .
and i &apos;ll tell you , if you think it &apos;s a complex and complex technology product , it &apos;s very complicated .
it was more difficult than anything we saw before .
you see the actual example of the attack code .
we &apos;re talking about a 15 code .
it looks very similar to the old language .
and i want to tell you what we &apos;re going to do with this code .
first of all , what we &apos;re looking at is the system functions , because we know what it works .
and then we were looking at the zamanlayıcılar and the data structures , and we were trying to connect them to real world goals .
so we need a target theory that we can prove or we can make .
to get their theory out of news , we have to have a very heavy target , very high target , very high , and it &apos;s probably the most likely to be located in iran , because it &apos;s the most likely to be located .
you can &apos;t find a few targets in that region .
we simply had a nuclear power plant , and we were at the facility of the kozloduy nuclear fuel .
&quot; bring me a list of all our clients and all the power plants to me . &quot;
and i opened them up with the phone and the code we found , and i convinced them to bring their expertise together .
and that was pretty good .
the little bit of digital nuclear control is related to the başlığı .
it &apos;s a black piece of movement inside the wheel .
and if you can make this light on the speed of playing , you can actually find the speed of playing , and eventually you can finally create an engine .
what we saw was the purpose of another attack , and it was that the attack was slowly slow , and the purpose was to say , &quot; i would not solve the problem quickly .
we had a chance to look at digital data structures and data structures .
so for example , -- this is the code coming from -- you don &apos;t get a review .
i started to look at the scientific literature , and i found out how it was actually been described as a officers and structure , and it was all kinds of 164 .
and it came in meaningful , a match .
and then he went better .
in iran , this section is called 15 .
and guess what did we find in the attack code ?
it &apos;s almost a neredeyse structure .
so again , this is a good match .
and this gave us a high confidence about what we &apos;re interested in .
now let me tell you that right now , it didn &apos;t go wrong .
these results came after several years of hard work .
and we mostly had to start a deadlock .
anyway , we understood both of the digital war , and it focused on the same goal , but in different ways .
the war was taking a small scale , and it took them to slow down , and it took the top six , and it took the top of the war , and it took them six .
i mean , we knew what the goal was , we were very confident about ourselves .
it &apos;s the target , and it &apos;s only the ministry of status .
so there was no need to worry about the possibility that there was another possibility of being shot by microsoft .
there are some things that affect me .
this is the gray box , and there &apos;s over it on it .
now what it does is to capture the data from the device that comes from -- for example , from the surface of the pressure device -- and it &apos;s still working with the code , which is in order to capture the code .
and as a result , it was previously recorded by this false entry data .
so , just like in hollywood movies , the camera has been closed before with video cameras .
isn &apos;t that cool ?
the idea here is not just to get control operators in the room .
it &apos;s actually more dangerous and dangerous .
the idea is to prevent the digital security system from taking action .
we need the digital security systems that are not going to be able to do so fast enough of human operators .
for example , in a power plant , when you &apos;re going to have a power plant , you &apos;ve got to open your feet , and you &apos;ve got to release their feet within seconds .
obviously , this is not done by the human .
so we need digital security systems .
and when they were ignored , then things could be very bad .
the plant could become operational .
and the security system can &apos;t understand this .
this is frightening .
but it &apos;s getting worse .
and that &apos;s really important .
think about it . this is general attack .
it &apos;s not specifically related to what it is , in particular , of course , to add oil or coal .
so , for example , a power plant can work in a pretty good car or a car factory .
this is something general .
and you don &apos;t have to give up the burden of this kind of memory that you &apos;ve got to do with the memory , as we &apos;ve seen in the internet .
you can also use traditional technologies for the spread of viruses .
it &apos;s as long as it can be .
and if you do that , you end up with a mass destruction .
this is a result we have to face .
so unfortunately , this kind of attacks are not the middle east .
the united states of america , europe and japan .
all these green areas are rich in terms of target .
we need to deal with the results , and we need to start preparing .
thank you .
i have a question .
in most places , he thinks this is the true fact that he is responsible for the people being report .
do you think that ?
wk : okay , do you really want to hear this ?
yeah . okay .
i think it &apos;s in israel , but it &apos;s not israel , which is the head of the israeli force .
what &apos;s behind this is the biological force .
there &apos;s only one , and this is the united states of america -- thank you very much .
because we would have any other problems , even bigger .
thank you for listening to us .
i spent the last few years in a very difficult way , and also in a way , in a way , in a way , in a very dangerous way .
i went to prison -- a difficult situation .
i worked in a coal mine -- a dangerous situation .
i &apos;ve been shooting in war areas -- and it &apos;s a dangerous situation .
and i spent only 30 days thinking about it , and it was kind of fun , and it turned out to be a very dangerous place in the late , very late .
in fact , my only goal is to get myself access to all of my career in almost every single career , to look at the social problems that look at , and try to figure out how it &apos;s going to do it in this interesting way , interesting way , and i try to get them into the audience .
i knew i &apos;d like to do a little different thing i &apos;d like to do a little bit more than what i &apos;d like to do before i &apos;ve been studying the organization and the brand world .
and i put it a day before it was just like you know , or just like , a few weeks ago , when he heard about it .
i sent a few facebook and twitter messages , and i gave people the opportunity to buy the name rights of my name in 2011 .
well , you &apos;ve heard right . you &apos;ve got no idea or a company or a company , or an institution that &apos;s going to have a chance to get a lot of the content that you &apos;re going to have , and , of course , that &apos;s a lot more or more time than you &apos;re going to get the right now .
so what i presented was this : &quot; you &apos;re going to give you a talk to the content of your mind , &quot; which is not about ted , and it &apos;s a very difficult one , especially if you show you , if you &apos;re a sponsored company .
but with that , this is a very good media opportunity ! &quot;
how many people are watching this ted talk , you know ?
it &apos;s too much .
and by the way , this is the draft .
and despite these warnings , i knew someone would get their rights .
if you had asked me this one year ago , i would not tell you anything about it .
but in the new project i &apos;m working now , this new movie will be my new movie , we &apos;re looking at the marketing world .
and as i said earlier , over the years , i was a little bit terrible for myself , but nothing has been so hard to do with these guys , or that it &apos;s so dangerous to do something , or that &apos;s not going to be done .
i had an idea to make a film .
what i want to do is to finance a film based on product , marketing and marketing , and marketing , and marketing , which is all about it .
it &apos;s called &quot; the most wonderful film &quot; .
this is the most amazing film that &apos;s been sold , and it &apos;s going to be all over the beginning , and it &apos;s going to be sponsored by the brand brand brand , which you &apos;re going to see in the film .
now this brand may be the marka stadium , or the qualcomm stadium .
these people will be permanent to the film forever
and so , the idea that it will cover all of the movies is -- michael : what &apos;s a unnecessary thing . what is it forever ?
i &apos;m one of the unnecessary .
i said i &apos;d like to make it more .
he said , &quot; always . forever . &quot;
but we &apos;re not just going to sell the x brand , and we &apos;re going to sell all the categories we can have in the movie .
so maybe we &apos;re going to sell a shoe , and it &apos;s going to be the most amazing shoes that you have .
or the most amazing film that you &apos;re going to see is &quot; the most wonderful car that you &apos;ve seen here , &quot; which is the most wonderful , &quot; ... , &quot; which is the most amazing .
so the idea is , beyond showing that people are part of their lives , is it possible to finance their movies ?
and in fact , it &apos;s how all these things are done .
the whole film is transparency .
you &apos;re going to see all of these things happen in this movie .
so that &apos;s the whole idea of the movie , which is all over .
and i would be happy that i would help this happen .
you know , this is strange , because when i first heard this , it &apos;s actually the most remarkable show of respect for the audience .
i don &apos;t really know how clever people are against this .
can you have the point of view -- i don &apos;t want to use the word &quot; angle &quot; because you know how to have a negative image , but how do you know that will happen ?
how much money is needed to do that ?
$ 1.5 billion
i think it &apos;s going to be going to work with them , but i still think a few big , big brands , known as the brand .
who can know who , maybe when you go to your movie , we &apos;re going to be going to be kind of weird , as we &apos;re talking about it .
how do you think your answers will be against this ?
big answers will be &quot; no &quot; .
but do you think this sales , because of the movie , is it difficult for me to sell ?
rb : both .
it doesn &apos;t mean a lot of positive meaning .
i mean , can you help me ? i need help .
i can help you .
okay .
great .
we have to determine which brand will be .
yeah .
when you look at people , you know , when you look at people .
there are places where we can go .
close the camera .
i thought , &quot; close the camera , &quot; means we have to do an informal meeting .
in fact , we don &apos;t really want to have anything to do with your movie .
and as you can see here , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
none of them wanted to do something about this film .
i was surprised .
they didn &apos;t really want to do something about this project .
i was fascinated because the idea of advertising was to make sure that the person who had the most possible product , the most possible product possible , the most possible .
in the media world , especially in today , the new media and the fear that the old media and the media have the right to get the message to the main media , the fear that it &apos;s going to be able to get media to spread from the voice to the voices of the main media .
no , it &apos;s just me thinking .
but the problem was , as you can see , there was a deadly error , and that was the mistake .
no , no , that &apos;s not the mistake either , or whatever .
that would have been a problem .
this would not be a problem .
but the problem was that this image represents .
so if you &apos;re looking at google for visual transparency , this is one of the first images in these images .
yeah , i &apos;m interested in this way , sergey sergey ! no .
the problem was this : transparency and transparency is simple because it &apos;s easy to understand : it &apos;s simple , c , c , c : it &apos;s probably the biggest problem of dealing with the information and the end of its work .
as you know , we &apos;ve been very excited about transparency in recent times .
politicians say he is telling him , even our ancestors say it .
but when it comes to the truth , something changes suddenly .
but why ? in fact , transparency is so weird .
it &apos;s not estimated that it &apos;s kind of weird .
and it &apos;s also very risky .
what else is it possible ?
it &apos;s a koca food .
that &apos;s very risky !
when i started talking to companies and tell them what we want to tell them , and they said , &quot; no , we want a story .
yes , we want a story to tell you , but we just want to tell our story . &quot;
so , when i was a kid , when my father was a kid , he would say to me , &quot; well , this is the kind of story , &quot; he said to me , &quot; that &apos;s the kind of thing that my son has taken me .
the story i tell you is the story that i tell you , and the story is real . &quot;
so we wanted to tell this story to the real story .
but only one company that wanted to help me was , and that &apos;s one reason , and i realized that this is the only reason i had to do with my own team , richard bond , and i had to move all the companies over the years .
and that &apos;s why we suddenly started to understand -- or what i started to understand -- when we started to understand these companies , i saw that every company had a problem in the perception of its brand .
i have little friends who make big hollywood movies , and i have little friends doing little movies like me .
and my friends of hollywood movies , who make big movies , say they are their partners who have been successful in their movie .
and my friends who are making little independent film are going to say , &quot; well , then , when we are these big budgets , how can we compete with hollywood movies ? &quot;
and the movie will be &quot; the most wonderful film &quot; .
so how do we actually see ban ki-moon in the movie ?
when i &apos;m ready to go out of the house , when i open my house , you &apos;ll see ban .
i would say , &quot; are you alive enough for this meeting ?
are you ready ? you &apos;re a little nervous .
i want to help you with your community .
maybe you have to use it a little bit before we talked about it . &quot;
and we &apos;re going to propose one of these amazing things .
it could be the &quot; either &quot; sleep , &quot; or &quot; fusion &quot; , &quot; all will be able to get the chance to offer .
we &apos;re going to privatise and privatise the proposals for men and women , and it &apos;s about 70 times , or whatever .
so we &apos;re coming to the end of two cents .
now , if you have any problem with you , and you can get five cents to a round .
we &apos;re a smaller brand .
as you &apos;ve been talking about little movies , we &apos;re in big competition with big brands .
so we don &apos;t have the budgets that other brand has .
and to do something like this -- to remind people of you who are interested in ban ki-moon .
what words you use to define ban ?
that &apos;s ban .
this is an amazing question .
female technology : technology .
you don &apos;t want to define what people are going on in a seat with technology .
boy : we are bold and alive .
i think &quot; live &quot; is a very good word , which is going to fight with this category , &quot; which is a very positive one , which is going to turn it into the air .
it keeps you alive .
it keeps you alive for a long time -- better life , more life , three times more alive .
it gives you a more positive message about doing things like this .
and this is a company that we &apos;re talking about a million dollars .
what about me ? how did anyone do that ?
i had to go out to the street and go out to people like me , ordinary people .
they tell me something about brand .
how do you define your brand ?
boy : oh my own brand ?
i don &apos;t know .
i really like beautiful clothes .
she says , if you don &apos;t have the 80 of the &apos; 80s , if you &apos;re not the birleşimi of the çamaşır .
so what &apos;s the brand ?
unique .
adam : i think my style is fantastic .
i love a lot of black color , lots of colors , and so on and so forth .
but usually , it &apos;s like solar panels or sunlight , and i like them , or i love them .
rb : if we had a brand , it would have been a classic classic klasik .
six men . my brand is my brand , and it &apos;s very comfortable .
woman 2 : a little bit , a part of a piece , i don &apos;t know -- i don &apos;t know , i &apos;m a brooklyn woman .
three guys . i &apos;m the animal .
i sell all of the country and the animals to the world .
so this is my brand .
this is my small industrial industry , which is my brand .
it &apos;s four men : i am my brand , because i &apos;m going to deliver good things .
45 .
is this brand ?
lawyer : i am a lawyer .
i am tom .
all right , we &apos;re not the brand tom brand , but i don &apos;t always find myself comfortable and comfortable in the cazibeli .
and so i realized , i needed a experts .
i needed one of the things that i could get inside of my head , and i needed to help someone who &apos;s called &quot; brand . &quot;
and so i found a company called williams in pittsburgh .
this company has helped companies to explore their own brand .
if they could do this for them , they could certainly do it for me .
you bring your photographs , right ?
yeah . my first picture is a picture of my family .
so talk to me about your thoughts about who you are and how you &apos;re connected to you .
they &apos;re the people that have a view of the world .
tell me a little bit about this world .
is that the world ? i think that people you live in the world , and you &apos;re all around you , your friends , your family , your life .
all of these things happened in a place , and for me , this was all together with my family and my family and i started in virginia .
what do you want to talk about next ?
next thing : this is the most beautiful day i live in my life .
how are you connected to your thoughts and your thoughts ?
that &apos;s what i want to be .
i love things that are different .
i like strange things . i love strange things .
why do you talk to me about what does this ?
what am the date ? what are you going to start ?
why is it important to start the computer again ? what does red represent ?
tell me a few things about this part .
do you know a little bit about you ?
what &apos;s the other thing you live with ?
it &apos;s not necessarily a fear . what is the speed of the speed train that you &apos;re going to have now ?
no ! no , i thank you .
thank you for your attention .
yeah .
yes , i don &apos;t know what will happen as a result .
there was a lot of crazy things .
the first thing we notice is that the brand is two different parts of your brand , but it &apos;s a brand that &apos;s kind of fun to finish each other .
these are very side lines .
and in fact , they &apos;re creating an almost chaos .
i think most companies are going to focus on two different aspects , rather than focus on one .
most companies -- part of the nature of human nature -- are not sure what they are , and they &apos;re like things like fear , but you &apos;re really nice to see them , and you turn them into something positive and so on .
what other brand looks like ?
the first example is apple , which is the classic example .
and you can also see the mini , the wii , the wii , and you can see it in the air .
we &apos;re talking about fun and fun , and we &apos;re talking about brand brand brand brand brand , and it &apos;s a very powerful brand that &apos;s really fun .
it &apos;s a fun , fun brand . what about your brand ?
so if somebody wanted to tell you the identity of your brand , what would you say to you ?
is there a living audience ? can you imagine a person &apos;s blood of people ?
or are you more calm ?
do you have a little more calm , biraz ?
there &apos;s a lot of fun to be fun to be alive , like a living , live , alive , such as the modern , the modern modern , the modern , the gizemli , or the gizemli , or the gizemli , or the secret .
or do you have a more calm position ?
can you be very informed , like 2007 ?
can you be one of the traditional anaç empathy that can be used to maintain ?
can you be a wise , reliable , reliable , reliable , safe , safe , safe , safe , trust , or deep thoughts ?
in this film process , we discussed over 500 companies , some of them were live , and some of them were more calm , and they didn &apos;t want to participate in this project , &quot; they said .
they didn &apos;t want to do anything about this project , and they didn &apos;t have control because they didn &apos;t have the last product .
but we were willing to leave that control , like me , and to talk to someone who wanted to be fun , and to tell us about the stories of a company that would ultimately tell us about the stories of 17 companies that would ultimately try to tell us .
they also took the story to tell us about how the mri centers in the movie and cinema are used to be used in the brain .
we went to san francisco to san francisco .
for the past five years , what &apos;s in the city , the poster , the poster , and there &apos;s nothing .
in the united states , we went to schools where companies are now trying to get money to get .
what &apos;s amazing for me is that we &apos;ve been able to interact directly with the projects that i &apos;ve been able to return through , or the greatest achievements that i &apos;ve got through .
and this is companies .
they removed their agencies , they removed them , and they said , &quot; maybe this is the best news for me . &quot;
i &apos;m going to talk directly to the artist .
i &apos;m going to create a different thing with him , and i &apos;m going to try to think about the way we think about this world .
so how did this approach have been so successful ?
now we can take a look at the movie festival , which is what we &apos;re going to do in the film festival .
he did the film on january 1st , and since then , we took part of the whole event -- just about 900 million media films .
it &apos;s literally a full and a half and a half a half weeks of time .
these are not just digital data in the digital media , or tv .
the film has not even started distribution .
the film is not published in digital environment . it &apos;s not a television .
it is not yet sent to foreign countries .
so as a result , this film has already begun to win momentum .
and it &apos;s not a bad project , but almost all the companies that we &apos;re talking about , recommended that they don &apos;t take part in this project .
there &apos;s something i believe that i believe in every time , and that &apos;s what i believe , if you get a risk , if you get a chance , that &apos;s going to be the risks .
i believe that if you take people away from it , you actually take people to fail .
i believe that if you &apos;re going to work with your employees , you &apos;re going to be able to actually do all the awards that are going to be taken off .
so what i feel is that what i need to do is take risks to get people to move forward .
we need to encourage people to be able to fear them .
in the end , we should continue , i think we should have to understand fear .
so we &apos;ve got to put this guy in the hole !
you love fear . you love fear .
we need to take each time each of them , take the risk .
and finally , we have to think about transparency .
today , we have a little sense , and it will have a lot of impact before .
and as a result , i was presented to all of you with respect , transparency and transparency , and all of this talk to you , and my friends were presented to the apple , which is the best part of a $ 100m name .
it &apos;s turning data into great opportunities for all around the world .
it offers the interface transparency .
thank you very much kids .
lg : well , i ask for transparency , what happened to the $ 100 dollars ?
this is an amazing question .
right now , there &apos;s a czech dollar worth of participation in the ted organization , which is currently written in the ted foundation and will be used for next year &apos;s ted foundation .
this is a representation of the brain , and we can put your brain in two parts .
the left side is the right side , and the right side is the right side .
and to measure the ability to measure each part of the stem , we can see a graph of our brain .
for example , this will be one of all trust in the way .
and this is going to be one of the things that is completely confidence in the world .
so where do you want to put your brain on this scale ?
for some of us , this may be a very extreme comment , but i think most of us are like this to the audience , like this , it looks like -- both of your brain is a high talent .
they don &apos;t work in a way that supports each other or other .
you can be rational and intuitive .
and then i thought , &quot; well , &quot; the logic of myself , &quot; and this is one of the other quantum physics that can bring these ideas together in a very complex way .
but at the same time , we need a good idea for the study .
how can we develop this idea ? we like to play with something .
so we &apos;re going to play with him and look at how he &apos;s doing it , so we &apos;re looking at it .
you really do the same thing .
and it &apos;s going to be something that you &apos;ve been developing for a year , a little bit of time , in a certain place .
what i &apos;m trying to tell you is that something i &apos;m trying to think is going to happen at the same time in two different places , but you &apos;ve developed this concept , you know , you &apos;re not born .
i remember that i was watching a kid on the road , which was a engeli .
it was a baby , and it wasn &apos;t good about it , it was sitting over it .
but i would go into it , and he gave him a really important lesson to play , and he would never give him a great transition to it , and he would remain in a whole place .
this is a big mathematical model for the world , of course , if you &apos;re not a particle .
it &apos;s a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they &apos;re playing with these strange particles , they &apos;re playing with little cars .
and when the particles are playing with particles , they find all sorts of weird things that can actually get out of walls , or at the same time , they can have two things that can be different .
and then they call it the quantum theory of quantum theory that they wrote when they read all of these experiments .
this was the place where the physics was found a few years ago -- that you needed quantum theory to define tiny particles .
but in our environment , we didn &apos;t need to define objects in everyday life .
it really doesn &apos;t have to do with me , maybe i don &apos;t have a lot of things that i don &apos;t have to be able to do with the particles .
sometimes i play , of course , not very often .
and i &apos;ve never seen them .
no one has ever seen a particle .
but it doesn &apos;t make sense to me .
because if everything happens to little particles and all the little particles , then why not all the quantum mechanics in quantum mechanics ?
i don &apos;t see why not there is no reason .
and if we do it in a way that quantum theory is valid , i would feel better about our everyday life , if we could do it .
so a few years ago , i just went on to do this .
and i did one .
this is the first thing you see in the mechanical quantum mechanics .
what we &apos;re looking at here is a little computer chip .
you can look at this green place in the middle .
i &apos;m going to talk about this piece of metal in the next minutes .
this is a picture of the object .
let &apos;s move a little closer , look at the center .
and here we &apos;re really going to see this little piece of metal , very closely .
now what do we look at this little piece of metal ? it looks like a foot that goes through the metal .
i &apos;ve done this in almost a computer chip .
i went into a new silicon valley with a clean room , and i took about 100 hours to put it in all the big machines .
in the final phase , i had to do my own machine to open a hole in the form of a pool .
it &apos;s enough to create a quantum mechanics , but it needs some help .
i &apos;ll give you an example of this .
you know , the crowd is so uncomfortable .
i can always do any kind of weird movement that i &apos;m at the threshold , but i always leave other people to do these weird things , because i don &apos;t want to fear them , or i don &apos;t want to fear them .
the quantum theory here envisions the same as the same objects in the universe .
for objects , not only for the people of the environment , but also the wind , the wind and the chamber .
and we know that if we want to see this piece of metal , as we want to see quantum mechanics , we have to get all of them .
that &apos;s what we do .
we closed the lights , and we put all the air out of the air , put it in a very close to zero , very close to zero .
now it &apos;s just like a little piece of metal in the room , and it &apos;s moving freely .
and then we see the movement .
i found that we were moving in strange ways .
he was standing on the floor , and he was standing up , and he was like taking a breath , and he was like , and he was like , and he was like , and he was like , and he was like , and he was like .
and by giving him a light force , we have allowed him to do the same speed , and at the same time , and that &apos;s something that quantum theory is just a thing .
i &apos;m telling you something great here .
so what does it mean at the same time , both at the same time , and what does it mean ?
think about atoms .
so , here &apos;s what we &apos;re seeing : the tiny piece of metal , it &apos;s all the atoms that make up , and they move up and down .
they &apos;re just approaching for a moment .
the rest of the time is not specific .
this atomic energy means two different locations at the same time , and that means that there are two little pieces of metal , all two different places .
i think this is really great .
really .
this is a clean room for many years , because look at this thing , it &apos;s just a little bit of a little bit of the difference between the metal and the metal , and you &apos;re almost the same as you &apos;re in the metal .
if a single atomic atoms can be found in two different locations at the same time , there can be two little pieces of metal , which can you be found in two different places , why ?
it &apos;s just rational for me to make the sound of this part .
imagine if you could have more than one place right now , how would that happen ?
in space , how would your body be able to manage your body ?
there &apos;s another part of the story .
and so , when we open the lights , we look inside the box , we see that the metal is still in place .
and so i had to develop these new objects , which seems to have to look like a little field of quantum objects , such as the universe inside the building .
it &apos;s a lot of talk about how quantum theory is connected to each other .
well , this isn &apos;t exactly true .
we have more and more than that .
these connections around you are exactly who you are , you know , who you are fully connected , and the quantum theory is very profound .
thank you .
in 2007 , i decided that we need to step back on our economic development .
our new goal is to ensure that every family and where they want to live and work , they should be able to make sure that they all have a handful of different cities race to attract new residents .
we &apos;re now very far from this point , but we &apos;re far from .
there are billions of people in developing countries and there is no single city ready to open their doors .
but what &apos;s surprising about cities is that they have more than the price of building them .
so we can easily get dozens of new cities , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
if you don &apos;t think about new cities , it might be absurd to you .
but instead of just building cities .
imagine that half of the people who want to live in buildings have -- half of them don &apos;t have more .
you can try to expand the capacity of all current buildings and expand the capacity .
but you have a situation like this : they have rules that will prevent the distribution of the houses and the areas that are surrounding them , and those areas that have attention .
so it &apos;s extremely difficult to make all those letters .
but if you can go to a whole new place , you can build a whole new apartment , you can build a whole new set of rules , so that you can build rules that allow them to be built .
i offered them to create as big cities that can be able to create , and i gave them a pilot .
and what i learned about later was that he was thinking about the challenges of reform in thailand and mexico .
they knew they &apos;d been going to the united states every year to go to the united states , and they wanted to ask them what they could do to ensure that people would do the same things .
&quot; if we go to the embassy and take a part of our territory , we have to go to the us embassy and get some of our land , then we can get to canada , if they can do everything they want to work in canada , if they want to work or to work on the canadian embassy ? &quot;
in the summer of 2009 , argentina spent a constitutional crisis that mountains .
in the next regular elections , geoana came in the party of reforms , but also a battle for reconciliation .
he asked him to become chief of general staff .
at that time , i was preparing to give a talk to global .
and as a result of the recovery process , and a lot of trials , i tried to bring a lot of users to this complex , complex , complex , complex city design .
the first thing was the importance of the rules , the current building , you can &apos;t get all the owners of the houses , like that .
we &apos;re taking a lot of attention to new technologies , but technology requires progress and rules and rules that keep us in general .
in the fall of 2010 , he sent a message from a friend from mexico who was a friend from costa .
he showed this to javier .
they called me .
they said , &quot; let &apos;s bring this to the leaders of our country . &quot;
so in december , we met in a hotel room in florida .
i tried to explain the idea of how much more valuable cities are than the cost of their cities .
and i used to point out how valuable it is , like the city of new york , to point out how much it is : in some cases , in some cases , a thousand square meters of land .
but it was a very abstract debate , and it was a moment for silence , &quot; paul ciocoiu said . &quot; maybe we can see ted talk . &quot;
so the ted talk was very simple in terms of a pilot , starting in a city , where there will be a charter of rules , and then you have a chance to live under the rules of people living there and living under the rules .
we need this project , which says , is important , that this is the way for our country to move forward .
i was asked to come to mexico and i had to speak again on 3 january and four .
so i gave a slide of talk like this , which is full of information , and i tried to tell you this : if you want to bring a lot of value to the city , it should be so big .
this is a picture of us , and it &apos;s a new airport built in chicago .
this airport alone covers over 100 square metres .
i was trying to convince africans that if you build a new city , you have to start building at least 1,000 square miles .
this is over 250 thousand years .
everybody &apos;s got it over .
the faces of the audience was very serious , and everybody was listening carefully .
&quot; we thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we can talk about ted .
here &apos;s my computer . &quot;
so i sat down and they played my ted talk .
and it comes down to the bottom of the work , and it can offer new options for people .
in the north , there would be a choice to go to the city , rather than hundreds of miles away , to the city , to be able to reach the city .
and they included new options for leaders .
because here , the leaders of the state in thailand have heard about the need for joint assistance of the countries , and they would benefit from the partner countries in the implementation of the charter , so everyone can really trust the charter .
i think that as a way to enable foreign investors to build the city and build the city , i think it &apos;s also important for all parties that have been suffering from fear and fear for years .
we went to a space and looked at it .
this picture was taken there .
it may be a kilometrekarelik area .
shortly after , on january 19th , they voted to change constitutional amendments to the constitutional charter , which allowed private development zones to allow them to be adopted .
recently , in a congress that voted in a country since the crisis , the number of voted in favour of constitutional changes that voted in the country .
all parties supported it in every part of society .
to be part of the constitution , you have to actually take two times from congress .
on february 17th , they ended up with a vote of 11 .
immediately after that vote , between 21 february and 24 february , they went to the two most willing cities in the world to go into construction of a group of about 30 people .
one is south korea .
this is built in south korea , and it &apos;s a big picture of a big urban centre .
everything you can see here , four years after they spent their permission , was built in four years .
the other place is singapore , which is very willing to build the city .
in china , they &apos;ve already built two cities and they &apos;re preparing for the third .
so if you think of it as practical , this is where we are .
they have a place ; they &apos;re already starting to think about using this second space .
a law that allows managers to come from , and they also put a legal system in place .
a country already has already been volunteers for its own supreme court , the new system there .
there are urban designers and engineers who are very willing .
they can even make some investment with them .
but there &apos;s something you know that you already know that they &apos;re going to solve , and there &apos;s a lot of owners .
there are many companies that want to be part of a free trade space , especially in the united states , and there are many people who want to go there .
there are 700 million people in the world who say they want to move somewhere else .
there &apos;s a million people out of latin america who left for the u.s. to go to the u.s.
many of them have to pay as much as a mother who had enough money to buy food for a father who left a family to enter a job .
unfortunately , what kind of idea is it to think about building a new city that has been trying to get into the family in some cases , what are the children trying to have been looking for for for a decade ?
or how about building dozens of thousands around the world ?
what kind of idea is that every family has a few urban options to attract new residents ?
this is an idea worth spreading .
and my colleagues wanted you to thank you , ted .
