do you know how many choices you have in a normal day ?
how many choices do you have in a normal week ?
i &apos;ve done a research with more than 4,000 americans recently , and the average number of choices is a normal one in a normal day .
there &apos;s another study that &apos;s recently done with ceos , and they &apos;ve followed the development of ceos throughout the entire week .
and these scientists basically recorded the time they spent the time they had all the tasks and tasks that the ceos were doing .
an average ceo has found that nearly 3.6 positions have been involved in a week .
each task of course was of course .
a 50 per cent of the decisions were taken in less than 50 minutes or less .
only 12 per cent of the decisions were taken within an hour or more .
think about your own self .
how many of you are in the nine minute category , or what about a one-hour category ?
what do you do when you do these elections ?
today , i want to talk about one of the biggest problems in modern life , a lot of options .
i want to talk about this problem and a possible solution .
when i talk about it , i &apos;m going to be able to tell you , and i want to know the answers .
so when i asked a question , when i was a question , i was just going to run your hand .
or , when i ask a question , i &apos;m going to ask the answer to my answer .
my first question is : are you ready to talk about having a lot of options ?
thank you .
at stanford university , i had a very distinguished supermarket at the university of stanford , at least at that time .
it &apos;s called &quot; the stethoscope . &quot;
it was like going to this store .
there are more than 250 different kinds of mustard and vegetables , more than 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables , and we have to drink water at that time .
if you want to go to this store , i once asked myself , how do i go , and i &apos;m going to get out of nothing ?
this is olive oil .
there were more than 75 types of olive oil that was sold in a fixed box .
i decided to visit a store manager someday , and i asked him , &quot; do you really work to give people so many choices ? &quot;
they showed a full number of visitors with their cameras every day .
we decided to do a small experiment , and we chose to do that .
so this is what we &apos;re doing .
we had a kind of different kind of sculpture .
we set up a little joke for the entrance of the store .
we &apos;ve put two or 24 different cultures here , and we &apos;ve observed two things , and the first one is , what if people are more and more people ?
while there are more people , more people have stopped , about 60 percent of their people have been , while there are about 40 per cent .
the other thing we observed was , what conditions are they buying more people ?
so we &apos;re seeing the opposite effect .
only 3 percent of the 24 aroma bought it .
&quot; when you have milk , 30 percent of you have bought a jar .
if you do the calculation , it &apos;s not -- it &apos;s five times as many people buy -- it &apos;s buying a lot of people .
it &apos;s probably a good choice to select the stethoscope , which is probably the best you can see , but it turns out that it &apos;s also affecting our decisions that have a lot of choice problems .
we choose not to choose , even if it &apos;s our case .
now here &apos;s what we &apos;re going to say today : financial constraints .
i &apos;m going to explain the work that we did with the commandments , the emir kamenica and wei plateau , and we looked at the retirement program , which is about a million americans in the united states , we looked at the retirement program .
in a pension program , as the number of funds offered , the number of funds offered by the fund was more or less expensive .
what we find is that there &apos;s a relationship with them .
the plan we had was to offer people to between 40 and 59 different options .
we &apos;ve seen that when we &apos;re given more funding options , turnout is less .
if you look at the bottom situations -- the plans that include the fund option -- they &apos;re about 70 percent -- that &apos;s not as high as we want .
the plans , which include about 60 funds , fall by 60 per cent .
even if you have decided to participate , even if you have decided to participate , then there are negative consequences .
in those who choose to participate , the options are far from the stock exchange and capital capital funds , as the options are more likely .
the more options are to put the money on the bank accounts and turn it into bank accounts .
none of the vote in this part is the same that none of us advise to improve the future financial situation of any of us .
in the last decade , we &apos;ve seen three main negative consequences of giving people more choices .
people would not even be able to choose to choose their own interests , even if they were unable to vote .
more bad choices are worse financial choices , medical elections .
they are making less satisfying elections , even when they hold better choices .
the main reason is that we may be able to watch the giant giant giant of mustard , mustard , vinegar , a giant giant giant , but we can &apos;t do it , and we can &apos;t get them out of these impressive windows .
now , the four simple techniques i want to suggest today are that you can apply them to different ways of research in different ways of research .
number one : reduce .
you &apos;ve heard about it before , but it never has been as meaningful as today , &quot; less , better . &quot;
when i say &quot; reduction &quot; , people always laugh .
they worry about losing the shelf shelf .
but what we &apos;re seeing is that when you choose to reduce the reduction , if you choose to reduce it , the sales are increasing , the costs are growing , and the costs are getting better .
their sales rose by 10 per cent , when they decided to produce 15 types of steel &amp; amp ; gamble &amp; amp ; .
the golden cat corporation has a growth of at least 40 per cent of the 10 cat sand , a 40 per cent increase , and the costs have risen .
today a supermarket offers you the average product .
it &apos;s typical to you today , giving you a product .
but today , the world &apos;s largest -- we &apos;ve got the world &apos;s largest -- we &apos;ve got only one type of products .
and when we came up with financial constraints , we saw one of the best examples , david hockney , who used to use the choices in the program at harvard .
now , every worker at harvard has been able to be able to apply a life fund .
there are 20 choices for those who want to do the choice , not 300 or more .
you know , people say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to do it .
they &apos;re all very important choices . &quot;
the first thing i did was to ask employees , &quot; what is the difference of the other ?
if you don &apos;t get rid of them , it doesn &apos;t matter if you can &apos;t . &quot;
before the afternoon , we spoke with gary before the afternoon .
gary said , he said , &quot; he wanted to give the audience a holiday for all of the world &apos;s best way .
this is what the road is .
i want you to read .
so , after a few seconds i &apos;ll give you a few seconds , if you accept gary &apos;s proposal .
so who agrees ?
is it all that ?
so let me show you a little more .
it &apos;s not a trick , right ?
now , who wants to go to this trip ?
i think i &apos;ve heard more of this time .
okay .
now , in fact , the first time i was able to do the first time in the first time , i was able to give you more information , but my guess was that it was more real .
because images felt more like this .
this brings me to a lot of options -- it brings the technique to the technique , which is a lot of options .
people need to understand the outcome of every choice to understand the difference of options , and every result needs to be alive , tangible .
why do people spend 15 percent more money when they use credit card or atm card or atm card ?
because it doesn &apos;t seem like real money .
so , in fact , it could be an effective way to get people to spend more .
they were able to work with these people in sync , and alessandro ribeiro , and they were all able to work for a study at a session in ing .
in this session , we put everything in the same way , just adding something .
what we added was that we wanted people to think about all the good things that would happen if they were not paid .
by doing this simple thing , 20 percent of the respondents are also willing to invest in their account account by 4 per cent more .
third technical : separation into categories .
instead of being able to meet the options , they were better .
so , for example , there &apos;s a study that we &apos;ve done with magazines .
do you know what the magazine in the northeast of the united states is , but you know , it &apos;s about 33 from the magazine ?
it turns out that 200 companies can divide it into 10 categories , or take 400 companies into 20 categories , and it looks more like 400 .
because the categories tell me how to make them feel like they can &apos;t .
there are two different masterpieces of jewellery .
one is called &quot; jazz &quot; , another one .
if you &apos;re on the left , if you &apos;re a jazz player on the right , you &apos;re happy .
well , a few .
if you &apos;re a jazz on the left , you &apos;re happy .
well , it &apos;s a little more .
you know .
the jazz on the left , you know on the right .
this is a very unnecessary form .
they &apos;re not going to say that they &apos;re not going to be able to say categories .
we see this problem on the long fund list .
are they preparing to inform some ?
fourth : to prepare the challenge .
it turns out that , with much more information than we think , it just takes a little bit of a little bit .
the challenge is higher level .
let me give you an example of why .
take a very complicated choice : search .
here &apos;s a german manufacturer offering you the opportunity to design your car .
you make 60 different choices by making your car .
in each of these decisions , the number of options presented to you is different .
the color of the car is the color of the 56 choices .
engine -- four options .
now i &apos;m going to do that , i &apos;m going to change the sequence of these decisions .
half of the customers will be able to choose one of the 56 56 colors later .
the other half of the customers will first go to the option of less than four choices , the 56 colors .
what do i look like ?
it &apos;s about how much you are .
if the option is to be counted , it means you &apos;re not going to be able to say , you know , you &apos;re going to be surprised .
what you find is that when you go to a very simple choice , people are looking for choices .
we lose them .
when you go to a very simple choice , you &apos;re going to be able to do things .
same information , the same number of options .
the only thing i do is change the sequence of knowledge .
you start to decide if you start to decide .
the wheel is not telling me how i want the inner design of the car , but it &apos;s preparing to choose me .
i &apos;m excited about this big product that i &apos;ve created , and i &apos;m not going to be able to get rid of my life .
you know , you know .
i &apos;ve talked about a lot of options to solve the problem of a lot of options -- the reduction of the reduction -- the reduction of &quot; unnecessary options -- &quot; -- the fact that you don &apos;t want to make it easy -- to put it on the category -- it &apos;s easier to put it on categories .
all these techniques that i describe today are designed to help you cope with your own , and you can use it better , you can use it better for you .
because i think you need to be selective to choose to get the best result of a vote .
we were more successful in the art of selective selection .
thank you very much .
hi , i &apos;m kevin topping , youtube &apos;s trend on youtube and professionally youtube videos .
that &apos;s true .
we &apos;re going to talk a little bit about how the videos spread , and why it &apos;s important .
we all want to be stars -- famous , singer , comedian -- and i &apos;m young , and i was young , and it seemed very difficult .
but the internet has made it like that , and any creative thing that we do , or any creative thing we do , can be fully famous .
and by the next saturday , you may be in the internet .
but every minute , they &apos;re sending over 48 hours of youtube videos .
and it &apos;s just a very small percentage of these things , and it &apos;s been a cultural moment , and it becomes a cultural moment .
so how does this happen ?
thanks to three things : the trend is the trend of accession , participation communities and our communities .
okay , let &apos;s start .
oh , oh my god , oh my god .
oh my god !
goodbye !
yay !
last year , he sent this video out of his house , which was outside the national anthem of the mangrove national house .
in 2010 , 23 million times .
this is a picture of how it &apos;s going to be popular for the first time last summer .
but he didn &apos;t actually do this video to spread the video .
he wanted to share only one of my poems .
because your name is the dodo mountains , you do it .
and actually , you can actually scan a lot of nature videos .
and this video is actually the last january , what happened here ?
in fact , he was the guy .
and so , in the end of the day , jimmy hockenberry took the video , which makes the video popular as popular .
because the trend of the trend , such as jimmy porter , is that we can compare us to new and interesting things .
today , friday , friday , friday , we need to act . this is friday . everyone waits for the weekend , friday , friday , friday , and i hope we can &apos;t talk about this video . we &apos;re really excited about this video .
rebecca black &apos;s &quot; friday &quot; is one of the most popular composers in the year .
nearly 200 million times this year .
this is a picture of how it works .
as it is on the &quot; double rainbow &quot; video , it seems to be suddenly emerging .
so what happened that day ?
that day , that &apos;s true .
and if you &apos;re curious about this , they &apos;re also friday .
so what about friday , when that video was spread ?
he took her , and he started talking about it .
michael j. nelson of the lab science theater was one of the first to joke about this video .
but what &apos;s important is that the trend in individual or group is a point of view , and they have shared the process by accelerating the process .
and so there was a community of people who shared the big puzzle , and they started talking about it and doing something about it .
and there are now 10,000 caricatures on youtube .
even in the first seven days , there was a parody for other days of the week .
unlike the only one-way guide of the 20th century , this society shows how a phenomenon is part of a phenomenon -- or by doing something new with it .
&quot; cat cat &quot; is a single perfect piece of music .
that &apos;s exactly what it looks like .
nearly 50 million times this year .
and if you think that &apos;s weird , you know , there &apos;s three hours of version of this , which is four million times .
even cats were watching this video .
cats followed other cats watching this video .
but what &apos;s important here is that this technician , the computer built the inspiration of the internet culture .
we had a conversation .
one was the old time .
and then it became international .
it &apos;s a great remix community that makes it just a stupid joke , which makes it really part of it .
because we don &apos;t just do that , but we agree .
and who could guess that ?
who could imagine &quot; double rainbow &quot; or &quot; double rainbow ? &quot;
what scenarios are you doing in that ?
and in a world where every minute of the video , the two days of video , it &apos;s just really unique and unexpected , that these things that are really unique and unexpected .
when a friend told me that a man who protested the bicycle sentences in new york city was supposed to be a great video , and i must admit that it was very , very important .
we have a chance to drive on the road , but there are obstacles that allow them to be properly deployed on the road to bicycle .
and , as a whole , funny , funny idea , casey kaye , and i can spend seven million times .
and this new approach applies to every new thing that we do in a creative way .
and all of this brings us to a big question .
what does that mean ?
they &apos;re not .
what does that mean ?
the trend defines the ability of creative participating communities , the creation of a whole new kind of media and new culture that everyone can access , and the characteristics of the new kinds of media and new culture .
i mean , as i mentioned earlier , one of the biggest cities in the world , justin bieber , has done the introduction of youtube .
no one has to burn green light .
and now we &apos;re all in our own pop culture .
and these are not the characteristics of the old media , and it &apos;s pretty much not true for today &apos;s media , but it &apos;s not going to be true of the entertainment notion of the future .
thank you .
how do i tell you how many of the three women &apos;s ties , these links , have been in the works of a little girl , a little girl , a little girl , a little girl , a little girl in china , six days and night , with a little girl , her mother , her mother and her sister , and then in this little girl &apos;s life in san francisco , that &apos;s the little girl who &apos;s a little bit of a talk to you today in san francisco ?
this is not a finished story .
this is an image that we still put together .
let me tell you some of these parts .
imagine the first piece : a man ruins the work of his life .
he was a poet , a playwright , a man who was in the hopes of his country &apos;s union and freedom .
imagine it as an innovator , which is a complete loss of life .
words , longtime friends , were now ridiculed to him .
he was buried in silence .
he died because of the history of history .
that guy was my grandfather .
i had no chance of recognition .
but our lives are much more than our lives .
my grandmother never allowed him to live his life .
my mission was not allowed to do it , and the lesson that i needed to do : yes , the history tried to destroy us , but we didn &apos;t have it .
the other part of the puzzle is a ship that is floating in the sea at dawn time .
my mother was 18 years old when he died , when he died , and she was married with two daughters .
for her , life was just a single duty : the escape and a new life in australia .
it wouldn &apos;t be a genius for him to do it .
after a four-month siege against phantom , a ship of ship boat was opened to sea .
all the adults were aware of the risks .
the greatest fear is pirates , rape and humiliation .
like a lot of adults in the ship , my mother had a little bottle of poison .
my sister , my sister and i were , and then i was my grandmother .
my first memories -- the constant rhythm , the constant rhythm of the engine , the constant rhythm of the engine , the vast horizon .
i don &apos;t remember that the men who repeatedly attacked the ship , or the men who were attacked in the ship , had been broken down and worked for six hours .
i remember the lights of the oil tower on the coast of malaysia and the young man who died in the sea , and i remember the journey for him , and i remember the first bottle that i was eating .
it didn &apos;t taste any apples .
after three months of refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
the other part of the puzzle is about a new life of four women to build a new life .
if you didn &apos;t get married , i was a classroom class , a worker of migrant immigrants .
there was nothing to do with the middle class class , which i was aware of the existence of the existence of the middle class .
smoke from the shop door was coming from the rest of the world .
and in english words , english words , which are the only common points , have been exchange between people who are starting to live .
my mother tried to work , and then six days , the couple car installations .
in some way , he found time in english , and he gained competence technology .
they &apos;re not .
all the dollars were aside , and if we didn &apos;t care about things that were missing , we would be able to use our budget classes and math classes , and they were often the second hand , the second hand .
there are two pair bags that are trying to hide boxes in school to wear the boxes .
it &apos;s a school that goes up until you &apos;re in the middle , because i &apos;m going to spend six years .
and they were very rare , and they had the walls of the wall , and they had the walls , and they had the walls .
how do you care ?
you can &apos;t read anything .
he had a pile of a decision , and he said , &quot; i &apos;m going to ignore you . &quot;
my mother , my sister and i were in the same bed .
my mother would be too tired every night , but still telling each other how today it is .
my mother had seen nightmares on the ship at night .
and my job was to wake up when i started to see those nightmares .
he opened a computer shop , and he got trained to become an expert of beauty .
and women brought their stories to their stories , and the problems between the two world countries are the stories of the men who are angry and stubborn to try to adapt .
the aid and sponsors were searched .
centers were established .
i lived in parallel worlds .
in one , i was a middle-aged student from asia , who was ruthless in their expectations .
i went to the web of the victims , the victims , the victims of the drugs , the victims of the drugs and the victims of the drugs .
but over the years , it has been helped .
and thanks to this work , i was chosen as a young teenager in the last year of the year .
and it didn &apos;t fit from one part of the puzzle to the other , and it didn &apos;t fit the edges of the parts .
he was invited to house with le le , who had never heard of his name and presence in places where he had never heard of his name and presence in the village , which was now a refugee and social activist .
i didn &apos;t know the protocols .
i didn &apos;t know to use knife .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about wine .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
and i wanted to go back to an unknown memory , and i wanted to go back to my life -- almost 20 years ago , when i was able to tell each other how today was a grandmother , a mother and two girls , who were still in the same bed with a mother and a mother .
i said i couldn &apos;t do that .
he reminded me that i was at the same age as i was at the same age .
&quot; no &quot; never had a choice .
he said , &quot; do just do it , &quot; and it &apos;s like , &quot; it &apos;s like it &apos;s . &quot;
so i have expressed the fact that young people have education and education and their rights and their rights .
and i was asked to talk more about more visceral , more speaking .
i met people in every community , most of them were doing what they loved , and they had a full life .
and even though i finished finishing school , i realized i didn &apos;t want a career in law .
it had to be another part of the puzzle .
and at the same time , i realized that being foreign , to be new , is a good thing to have , and it &apos;s not just a good thing , but it &apos;s also a gift that comes from the ship .
because it can mean to be able to be able to be able to be able to become a part of the space , which means that the expertise of the expertise of expertise can be easily accepted .
i went out as far as i could know that i was going out of the world : yes , not the world .
the possibility that the name is not going to be presented is unusual .
there was a energy that was there , and it was a strange mixture of kindness and humility .
and i followed the following .
i set up a small team of teams , a small team of little teams that would be able to say &quot; can be accomplished &quot; .
we &apos;ve never paid for a year .
at the end of every day , i would make a bowl soup that we all shared .
they &apos;re not going to go late every night .
most of our ideas , but a small part of our ideas , we made a small part of our ideas and the big bang .
after a single trip , the u.s.
i got the decision .
i heard again .
three months later , the adventure was going on .
so before i finished , i &apos;m talking about it .
the social norms and the person who is important have grown to the same time as the mau .
life is not sustainable for centuries .
his father died shortly after she was born .
her mother was not alone .
she was the second wife of a 17-year-old mau , and her mother was a fan of violence .
because he had never received support from her husband , he brought him to court and created a sensational conspiracy , and he was able to win a greater outcry .
it turns out it &apos;s wrong .
i was at a hotel in melbourne , about 600 miles away , and i was at a hotel in sydney .
i saw it on the other side , and i saw it on the other side .
i knew he came to farewell .
after the minutes , my mother called me .
a couple of days later , we went to a buddhist monk in hyderabad , and we sat around the countryside .
we were telling stories , and we wanted him to make sure that he was still with us .
half the night , he said , he had to come up and close the coffin .
my mother asked me to take the hand of my grandmother .
&quot; why the rest of the rest are so hot , &quot; he said .
he said , &quot; because you &apos;ve ever been on the day . &quot;
&quot; let me go . &quot;
if there &apos;s a energy in our family , it makes transition between these women .
we can now see us , because we know who we are and how life shapes us , we can now see our lives .
it &apos;s a very simple way .
now i want my own kids , and i think of the ship .
who wants this thing for children ?
still , i &apos;m afraid , i &apos;m afraid , i &apos;m afraid of charity .
can i give every wave of their lives vulnerable to every wave of the engine , and can i give you a vast amount of variation that doesn &apos;t change the engine or anything ?
i don &apos;t know .
but i would do it again , and it would be safe .
and also , dan &apos;s mother is the fourth or fifth place in us .
i &apos;m here to share with my wife .
is this photography ?
because , of course , this picture is not a photograph of my camera .
and yet , i was 15 years old , when i was 15 years old .
my passion of drawing was merged , but it was a little different , because it was a process of using the camera .
and when you take a picture of a photo camera , the process is the end .
for me , photography was the right thing to be right at the right time .
i thought it could do that .
so i wanted to create something different , which is something that the process begins when you get out of the process .
photos like this : construction work on a busy road .
but it has a unexpected game .
and yet , there &apos;s a level of reality .
or pictures like this -- both dark and dark , but the common goal of capturing the level of realism .
so , as realism , i mean it .
because , of course , that &apos;s not really something that &apos;s really going on , but i &apos;d like it to look like a picture of a picture .
here are pictures that you have to think about a short time to solve .
so it &apos;s really about capturing an idea of a moment .
so what &apos;s the trick that makes it look real ?
is it something about these things or color ?
is it something about light ?
what does that create ?
sometimes it &apos;s the illusion that creates the illusion .
but at the end , everything is about how to make the world , and how it works in two-dimensional surface .
that &apos;s what we think is truly realistic , not really realistic .
so i think it &apos;s very simple .
i see this as a metaphor that we put together to take different parts of reality and create another reality .
let me show you a simple example .
there &apos;s three wonderful things that we have here , and we all have something about life in a three-dimensional world .
but when they merge in certain ways , they can still create something that looks three-dimensional .
but we also know that it can &apos;t happen .
so our brains don &apos;t recognize , because our brains do not accept the fact that it doesn &apos;t really make sense .
and i can see the same process together .
it &apos;s actually about combining different realities .
so what makes a picture realistic , i think , is things that we don &apos;t think about in our daily lives .
but by combining photos , it &apos;s really important to think , because otherwise it looks wrong .
so what i want to say is there are three simple rules that have to follow to achieve realistic results .
you see , there &apos;s no special one of these pictures .
but they create something like this .
so the first rule has to be the perspectives of the photographs .
secondly , the lights of the images should be the same kind of thing .
and in these two pictures , there are two conditions -- same altitude and in the same light .
and the third is that it &apos;s not going to be a place where it &apos;s not going to be clear , and it &apos;s about making different images impossible where it starts .
it &apos;s impossible to make sure that the picture is in the back of the picture .
in the boundaries of different images , the color , the color and the color of the space , the depth of the space , the depth of the space , the depth of the space , and we make it look like a single individual , and we just make it look like a single picture , but it &apos;s basically a hundred of the hundreds of surfaces .
here &apos;s another example .
people can think that this is an image of a land and the lower part is the lower side .
but in fact , this picture is completely , very different parts of different places .
i personally think it &apos;s easier to create a place , because it &apos;s easier to get out of the ideas in your mind .
but it requires a lot of planning .
and i knew that this idea was a few months ago , when i was in the winter , and i knew that there was a few months to find the parts that would create the basic pieces of it .
for example , the official fish was taken to the official fish .
the beaches are different from different locations .
six of the water was taken into a brick .
and yeah , i even converted the house on the top of the island to look at the more swedish style .
so getting a realistic result is because of planning .
it &apos;s always a draft , it starts with an idea .
then you get different pictures .
and there was a very good plan .
and if you take a good job when you take pictures , it &apos;s pretty good , and it can be quite realistic .
so we have all the equipment that we need , and the only thing that limits us is imagination .
thank you .
i want to talk to you why a lot of health projects fail .
and i think the most important thing is that we have stopped listening to patients .
and one of the things we did at the university of wisconsin was to appoint a listening official .
it &apos;s not a scientific way , but it &apos;s getting a little bit of tea or coffee , and the patient asks , &quot; how does it go ? &quot;
how can we help you ? &quot;
and to tell us , we want to think about this , that &apos;s all -- maybe not all -- but one of the big problems that led to the failure of the most health project is to listen .
that &apos;s my wifi . it &apos;s very simple .
there &apos;s one button , open / closed .
and every morning , i go on it .
and yes , i have a goal , you see .
and my goal is to be 95 pounds .
but it &apos;s something that &apos;s so easy , when you &apos;re going to get on the top of the desktop , the google health .
it &apos;s taking the data , so it &apos;s taking the data , and it &apos;s not in the sense that i need a lot of weight , but it &apos;s not at the moment , but it &apos;s also looking at the past .
but there &apos;s something else .
as some of you know , we have more than 4,000 people on twitter .
every morning , i &apos;m looking at the wifi , and when you get out of the car , people start talking me with me , &quot; i think today we have a light lunch . &quot;
but the most subtle behavior that can happen is because this fellow pressure is used to help patients in the past ; it can be used for the patients to stop smoking .
but on the other hand , it can be used to make people work with a kind of play , and to make sure that they can get more control over their health .
starting next week , it will be ready for use .
it &apos;s going to be a little bit of a little bit of this little dose that &apos;s attached to the iphone or something .
and people , they &apos;re going to be able to get their own home from their home , to their doctors , and eventually , for example , on a hundred dollars .
and at this point patients will go to the position and get their own control , not just the captain of their own fleet , but also health insurance will help us in the field of health , and the problems that we &apos;re facing are the health insurance .
the use of use is easy to develop and start getting patients in the team .
and you can do this with these kinds of techniques , but you can do it with mass extinctions .
i want to share one of the things that we do with a short video .
we all have navigation controls in the car .
there &apos;s even a cell cell .
we know the parts of all the atms in the maastricht city .
another thing we know is where the gas stations are .
and of course , we can find fast food .
but where could it be the closest to help the patient ?
we asked people , no one knew .
no one knew where the nearest life of life that was supposed to be found right now .
so we did all the netherlands in mass funding .
we set up a website , and we asked them to say , &quot; if you see a cow , please say , please , you &apos;ll say where it is , where it is . &quot;
and the place of more than 10,000 people in the netherlands was already sent .
the next step we had was to find applications for him .
we did a ipad app .
we &apos;ve done an enhanced reality , we &apos;ve done an app to find these protocells .
the maastricht , such as the maastricht , and someone can use the iphone , and in a couple of weeks , you can use microsoft , and within a few weeks , you can find the closest .
so , starting from now , we want to show you this , not just as the ones , but it &apos;s the name of the product , but it &apos;s also the same .
we want to launch this worldwide .
we want the world all around the world to help us to do all of our work in the world , to try and act as a center for people to try to do their work , work and work .
whenever you go , and somebody can be killed , or you can have somebody else , you can find it .
another thing that we want to do is companies all over the world that can help us recognize these protocells .
it may be the people who do the ambulance services or the cable , and it &apos;s not just the place that &apos;s been sent , to see if it &apos;s still on the ground .
please help us , and just to make health better , but to gain control .
thank you .
i &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries today .
i work in the solar technology industry .
and the little start point is to find ways to engage ourselves in the environment .
so , by taking into account the mass mass of mass .
this is a short video of what we do .
wait for a minute .
it can take a little time .
in fact , i &apos;m going to get the video -- i &apos;m going to get the video .
no .
but that &apos;s ...
okay .
solar technology ...
ah , did you get my time ?
okay . thank you very much .
i started a program in a few years a few years ago , and i started a program that would allow people to be able to use all the things that were expected to be almost hate , which was expected to be almost hate .
this program is the program for america , and it &apos;s a little bit like a peace force .
every year we choose a couple of friends , and we allow them to work together together .
we send them to the third world , and we send them into the city hall .
and they create great applications with the city employees .
but what they &apos;re doing is they &apos;re showing what &apos;s possible today with technology .
get married with al .
al boston is a fire hydrant in the city of boston .
here it looks like al qaeda , but in fact he &apos;s going to be able to stop the snow that he wanted , because he knows that he &apos;s going to be able to prevent the fire in the snow , because it doesn &apos;t have much effect in fighting the fire .
now , how did al come to the point of helping this very unique path ?
last year we had a team working in boston as part of the program for america .
february , last february , last february , a lot of snow broke snow .
and they realize that the city is never going to dig up this fire .
but in particular , a friend of friends , erik hendry , had noticed another thing , and that was the fact that the citizens couldn &apos;t stop the sidewalks in front of the fire .
so he did a good computer program , he wrote a practice .
it &apos;s a little , cute app that &apos;s a fire hydrant .
so when you get snow , you have admitted that you can dig this faucet up .
if you do that , you deserve the right to name it , and erik has named the first fire attack .
if you don &apos;t , someone can play it .
there are also a cute little game dynamics in this practice .
this is a modest little practice .
this is probably the smallest of 21 applications that friends wrote last year .
but this practice does something that no institutional technology can do .
it &apos;s spreading online .
it &apos;s someone who works in the library of it in the it department of it , and it turns out that it &apos;s not for snow , but it turns out that residents of the city don &apos;t work for the tsunami .
this tsunami work is very important , but the people are playing in their imaginations .
so this guy has made it easier to control the inner city of the city .
and then seattle decided to use this practice , to ensure that the residents of the city are going to be able to get rid of congestion .
chicago has implemented this practice yet , and it &apos;s just to clean down the sidewalks to clean down the sidewalks .
we know the nine more cities that plan to use this practice .
it became natural and naturally , without a disagreement .
if you know anything about the technologies of institutions , you know what things are normally like .
the delivery of a software is usually a few years .
last year , a team worked in boston on a project that took about two people for about 40 months .
it was a way to help the state school decide which state school is suitable for children .
then we told us that this project would cost at least two years and two million dollars .
and that &apos;s nothing .
now there &apos;s a project for california court systems , which cost taxpayers to have cost five million dollars , and it didn &apos;t work .
and projects like this are all of the state institutions .
so , it &apos;s a few days of writing , and this app spread through the internet is like a kind of warning alarm .
it &apos;s not like a lot of people who think that institutions can work better , but rather like private companies .
it &apos;s not like technology company , but it &apos;s more like the internet itself .
it means that it means that we have to do that , it means that it means that this is a productive .
and that &apos;s very important .
this is what &apos;s more important about this application , which shows how the new generation is addressing the problems of institutions -- not as a problem of institutional tradition , but as a problem of the common purpose .
this is a very good news because it turns out that we are very good in action with digital technology .
now , a very large group of people are developing tools that are necessary for efficient efficiency .
not only for america , but hundreds of people from all over the country are writing urban applications for their community .
they can &apos;t afford their institutions .
they don &apos;t , of course , disappoint , but they don &apos;t complain .
and these guys know something that we &apos;re looking at .
and he turns out that politics , in institutions , all the other things that are going on in the institutions and the other things that are really infuriated by us are &quot; we can &apos;t make things that we can &apos;t do with all the things we can &apos;t do . &quot;
many people have cut out their prospects .
if you &apos;re one of those people , i want you to think again , because something changes .
politics doesn &apos;t change ; institutions change .
the institutions are basically taking power from us -- remember , &quot; we humans are , &quot; and how we think about institutions .
i didn &apos;t know a lot about the institutions that we did this program .
and like a lot of people , i thought that institutions were fundamentally related to the authorities .
and after two years , i &apos;ve reached the conclusion , especially the local governments are about chickens .
this is the call center for information and advice .
this is usually where you get the number of services that you have on the ground .
if you have a chance to work in any way , if you have a chance to work in the center of that kind of thing -- in fact , the whole team has done this as scott scott &apos;s program , and you can understand that the whole team is looking for a very broad range of problems that can even be covered by a giraffe that is trapped in their homes .
scott is the answer to the answer .
it &apos;s an official information base , &quot; worms . &quot;
it doesn &apos;t find a lot . it starts with the animal control .
and finally , at the end , he said , &quot; look , do you try to open all the doors of your house and try and try and do it so much ? &quot;
and that &apos;s how he worked . scott .
but this was not the end of the chicken .
it &apos;s not just a call center in boston .
it has a practice , the web and a mobile app , the name of the citizens .
that &apos;s what we do .
it &apos;s a study of people from boston &apos;s new urban ghetto office .
one day -- a real report -- this is what it comes : &quot; the worm is my garbage . i don &apos;t know if it &apos;s dead .
how can i pull it out ? &quot;
what &apos;s going on with the citizens of the citizens ?
scott was talking directly to the person .
but everything is open to citizens , so everyone can see it .
and in this case , it saw a neighbor .
the next report that we had was saying , &quot; i walked out of this auditorium , i found the house behind the house .
worms are rats ? are they living ? do they live ? yes .
i was on the side of the garbage . i walked home .
the good night is rats . &quot;
pretty simple .
this is great . this is the conversation with the physical life .
and it &apos;s also a good example of the beginning of the institutions to start to join the public .
it is a beautiful example of the institutions becoming a platform .
i don &apos;t mean the platforms with technological meaning .
i &apos;m talking about a paradigm that people create to help them and others .
a citizen has assisted the other citizens , and institutions have played a key role here .
he brought these two people together .
if they had their needs , they could put together with institutional services , but according to institutional services , it &apos;s both a cheaper and cheaper alternative .
when we help the other one , we will be able to improve our society .
it costs the animal control unit , it costs lots of money .
one of the most important things we need to think about institutions is politics is not the same thing .
a lot of people are aware of this , but they see somebody else &apos;s data .
we &apos;re not going to apply our institutions to the system system .
how many times we chose a political leader -- and sometimes we spent a lot of our energy to choose a new political leader -- and then we sat down and then we would sit down and see that the institutions would be able to reflect our values .
this is the reason that institutions are like a huge ocean , and politics is the top surface of it .
and we call it bureaucracy .
this is how we say this word .
and that turns us into something that we have , which is turning the cost into something that we pay for us , and then the other thing is , and then we get ourselves .
people think politics is glamorous .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make bureaucracy attractive .
because it &apos;s where state institutions are doing real work .
we need to connect the mechanisms of state institutions .
and this is what the movement of these volunteers did .
did you see these guys ?
this is a group of people who wrote a very detailed number of citizens , and this report was in response to the request by sec &apos;s financial reform bill .
this is not politically active , but it is politically active .
now , it &apos;s time for us to ask ourselves about the world that we want to leave our children in our children .
we have to see the challenges that they face .
do we really believe that this institution , which is moving our name to our name , is really truly believing that we &apos;re going to be able to move into our name ?
we can &apos;t do it without institutions , but we need more effective institutions .
the good news is that technology is changing the functionality of state institutions in a way that we can use the civil society by strengthening the functionality of civil society .
there &apos;s a generation that has grown out of the internet , and they &apos;re not so difficult to do something together , just to design the systems .
our average age is 28 , and i &apos;m just a generation , almost a generation of them .
this new generation is very focused on making their own voice .
they don &apos;t give up the struggle to talk about who they give -- they &apos;re all talking .
they have their thoughts every channel , every time , and they do it .
so they don &apos;t really care about having a problem with state institutions when they &apos;re confronted by their voices .
they use their hand .
they &apos;re using their hand to write the applications that will enable the state institutions to work better .
and these practices give us the opportunity to use our hands to make our societies better .
it could be a fire hydrant , cleaning up the wild grass , putting a trash of trash in it .
well , we may have been running out of the fire since that fire , a lot of people do .
but these practices are not only consumers , the state institutions are like the ones that are in charge of paying taxes , and they &apos;re not going to be able to sell and serve consumers .
more than that , we are the ones .
and you can &apos;t define the concept of citizenship , you can &apos;t improve state institutions .
so the question for everybody here is : we need to do it together , and we &apos;re all together , and we &apos;re just going to be a big , big , big , big thing , and we &apos;re also going to be the mob of hands .
thank you .
i often think about how wonderful new technologies are . i think i &apos;m going to tell you how wonderful i &apos;m here -- i &apos;m going to tell you what i &apos;m thinking about here , and i &apos;m going to show you just a very boring technology that &apos;s just a very boring technology , which is just a very boring technology .
if you have a slide on it , you can &apos;t see it .
this is a slide i chose a random slide .
i want to show you the shape of her rather than his overall shape .
this is a slide of some analysis of the power of local networks , based on the power of the local networks .
what &apos;s interesting in this slide is that it &apos;s a kind of flat curve on a whole range of technology , as we have a lot of other technologies that we &apos;re not comfortable with .
in other words , each step in here shows that every single step of performance is a magnitude scale .
and what we &apos;re talking about is that this thing is a new thing about the exponential curves .
there &apos;s really weird things happening here .
and that &apos;s basically what i &apos;m going to talk about .
if you can &apos;t turn the lights off .
i &apos;m going to make lights a little bit more , because i &apos;m going to use a piece of paper here .
now , why do we define the exponential curves of technology as a bottom-up curves ?
and the answer is , if we &apos;re going to put this on a normal curve , let &apos;s say that this is a sort of kind of ridiculous time and a bit of the technology that i &apos;m trying to draw into , which is a bit absurd .
that &apos;s how it goes .
and these are things that we can &apos;t tell us about .
now , for example , let &apos;s call a different scale , which is very absurd as a smooth line on the length of the transport technology , which is very absurd .
but when something like this happens , it &apos;s a qualitative change .
so , if the technology technology is going to run quickly as fast as possible , i could be in tokyo for 30 seconds and 30 seconds .
but that &apos;s how it works .
the technology of technological development has not been seen in a number of years , but it &apos;s not something that feeds its growth .
now , what i want to ask is , if you look at these exponential parameters , they don &apos;t survive forever .
maybe they &apos;re fast as fast as they are .
one of two things will be .
it &apos;s going to be something that &apos;s completely different , or it &apos;s going to be like this , or it &apos;s going to happen .
that &apos;s what they can do .
as an optimist , i think that &apos;s probably going to happen .
so , if that &apos;s what we &apos;re in the middle of the moment , it &apos;s a transition .
it means that the transition from the way the world is used in the past is that it &apos;s going to be right now .
so , what i &apos;m trying to do is ask myself , what is this new version of the world that i &apos;m looking for ?
what is this new situation in the world ?
because the change is very , very confusing , very much .
and when i was a child growing up , it was like 2000 years , it was something like 2000 years , and people didn &apos;t talk about what happens in 2000 .
here &apos;s a conference where people are talking about the future , as you &apos;re going to notice in the next 2,000 years .
that &apos;s the distance that we &apos;re going to go through .
so , in other words , the whole life of life has been shrinking every year , as it looks like a year .
i think the reason is because we &apos;re all feeling that there &apos;s something there .
this transition is happening . we all do this .
and we know that , for 30 years , it &apos;s not much more meaning to design than 50 years , because everything is going to be so different , but it doesn &apos;t mean anything that we do .
so , what i want to talk about is what i want to talk about .
i &apos;m going to have to talk about a few things that don &apos;t have to do with technology or computers to do that .
i think the only way we can do this is to pull it back and look at everything long .
i want to look at the time of life in the world .
i think it &apos;s starting to make a sense of meaning when you look at it a few billion years .
if you go back to two and a half billion years , the world is inefficient , a huge rock of chemicals around the world .
so if we look at how these chemicals are organized , we start to have a lot of ideas about how they do it .
but i think there are some theories that start to understand how this happens with rna , but first i &apos;m going to tell you a simple kind of story that i &apos;m going to tell you about .
and some of these fat acids are a special chemical combination of chemicals that allow them to grow through the environment .
and what happened was that the ones started to divide .
this little fat is in a sense of the most primitive cell cell .
they were not really living in the real sense of the oil , because each of them was a casual chemical scum .
and every time they were , it was an equal division of chemicals in their own place .
so every drop was a little different .
in fact , they were more divided into the layers of chemicals that were going to be better than the ones that were going to be better than the chemicals that were going to be able to make them .
these are more and more and more of them .
now these are sort of a very simple life , but when they learn about the abstraction , they start to get interesting .
so , in a way that we don &apos;t understand much , they learned to make information .
they learned to record the information of the cell , a special species called dna .
in other words , this is an unconscious , in a way that allows us to see what they are in the way that they &apos;re in the evolutionary way , and the way they can do what they are .
what &apos;s surprising is that this pattern of recording has been unchanged two and a half billion years ago .
in fact , our language -- our genes are exactly the same code and the form of the same code .
in fact , all living beings are written with the same letter series and code .
in fact , one of the things i just did to just fun -- we could write something with this code .
here , there are 100 pieces of white t-shirts that i &apos;ve been trying to get into the security tasks .
there are the standard letters that we use to symbolise it in the code , and that &apos;s what i do , and it &apos;s a piece of dna , and it &apos;s going to write a piece of dna 22 times .
if anybody who wants to do 100 million copies of their data , there &apos;s a lot of good for everybody in this room , actually , for everybody in the world . here it is .
if i was a really , i would put it into the room and put it in the room .
so what was next ?
it &apos;s an interesting step to record dna .
and that made these cells happier over a few billion years .
but then there was a very interesting step in which everything was totally different , so that these cells began to create information and create cell communities .
i don &apos;t know , but bacteria can actually make dna exchange .
so , for example , antibiotic resistance evolved .
some bacteria discover how they &apos;re going to stay away , and by creating small dna information along with other bacteria , it has spread in this way , and the bacteria have a very large number of sensors that are resistant to communication .
this communication allows communities in the same boat to create synergy .
so they stayed together , or they failed together , so the community was being supported by all individuals in the community , supported by evolution .
the conversion point is that these communities are a lot of these communities , and they &apos;re actually gathering together , and they &apos;re formed by the whole community when they decide to write a single strand of dna .
and the interesting stage for life is about a billion years later .
and we have a lot of cells that are now functioning as a single organism , and there are a lot of cells .
in fact , we &apos;re going to have a lot of these things .
now we have a lot of numbers that are not for themselves .
skin skin -- heart cells , the brain cell , and without any brain cells .
so these communities started to evolve , which is the very interesting level of evolution that evolution is now , not a single cell .
the next step happened within these communities .
these cell communities began to get information .
they started developing very special structures that didn &apos;t do anything besides information processing .
these are neural neurons .
these communities are the neurons that are creating information processing .
they &apos;re actually starting to work within the community and the structures that are responsible for learning and learning .
this was the community &apos;s brain and neural system .
and that gave them a evolutionary advantage .
because at this point , a individual , the learning , the learning , the time of all the evolutionary time , we &apos;re not going to be able to fly .
so , for example , a organism &apos;s taste is bad , and the last time it &apos;s a certain kind of a certain kind of thing that you &apos;re going to be able to do .
this is the only organism that we can see within the lifespan of life , and that &apos;s what we have to do in a hundred thousands of years , as a result of these individual information processing structures , and the individuals who die in this process .
in fact , the nervous system that they built , this particular information processing structures accelerated the whole evolutionary process .
because evolution is now in one individual individual .
it was happening within the course of learning .
and then , of course , individuals learned the media of communication .
for example , the most sophisticated version of this is the human being .
you think a little bit about a little bit more surprising .
there &apos;s an idea that &apos;s very complicated and confusing in my mind .
and i &apos;m hoping to sit here , and i &apos;m hoping to create a very similar and astonishing thinking that is in your mind that you &apos;re going to be in your head .
it &apos;s a very complicated thing that &apos;s very complicated , and we can turn it into sound , sound and sound , something very complicated in your brain .
so this allows us to start working like one organism .
so what we do is actually , in fact , what we &apos;re doing is , as humans , our humanity is shaped .
we &apos;re going through the same stages where we &apos;re able to make information , deliver and deliver information , to the same stages that are very pathogenic organisms .
the discovery of language is a very small step in this direction .
so , the computers , computers , video screens , and all these things , all these things that we &apos;ve created in our society today , are the interactive programmers that we have in our society .
and this connects to something much more rapidly than we &apos;ve ever been before .
now evolution can occur in the scale of micro-machines .
you &apos;ve seen a little sort of evolution program in front of your eyes in a small kind of evolution , a small kind of evolution .
now , we &apos;re going to be able to see once again .
one of the first steps i &apos;ve told you about is a billion years .
it took a few hundred million years to take the nervous system and the brain .
it took more advanced steps than a million years .
and the electronic like this is just going to take a few years .
the process feeds itself , and i think it &apos;s going to be the best word to change the pace of change .
changing changes faster .
and i think this is what we see in this explosion of the curve .
we see that this process feeds itself .
i &apos;m helping my wife build computers , and i know that , without the latest developments i &apos;ve been using , the machines that i use are impossible .
now i design such intricate objects , which is really impossible to design them with traditional ways .
i don &apos;t know what any transistor is doing .
we &apos;ve got it there .
instead , what designers and designers do in my lab , it &apos;s a bit abstract thinking about it , and by giving it to the machine , it &apos;s going to make it much more advanced and faster .
and in fact , we &apos;ve never been able to understand the way we don &apos;t understand it .
and the very interesting way that i &apos;ve been using a lot recently is the evolution of evolution .
so , what we do is we have a evolutionary process in the machine that happens in the scale of the machine .
as a model , the most extreme in the most extreme situations is a program of programming .
for example , &quot; the computer please , i &apos;m going to give you hundreds of millions of commands to me . &quot;
now please , please remember that all these random commands and all these programs are going to be able to work out the nearest thing i want . &quot;
in other words , i don &apos;t get my request .
so , as a model , i want to make a number of numbers .
now , find the numbers that are very close to the ranking .
of course , the numbers of random command numbers are random , and none of them are really going to do it .
but one can put two numbers in the right line .
so let me say , &quot; the computer please do the best thing that makes it the best job .
keep them out .
now we &apos;re going to be able to repeat the numbers again .
and we can rearrange them back in the same way as a gender .
two programs have changed the programs and the lower programs , and it &apos;s a child that &apos;s going to take the pieces of programs in both programs .
now , i &apos;ve got a new generation of programs that make a little bit better work .
let &apos;s say it &apos;s going to take the process . &quot;
it &apos;s a score again .
it &apos;s a bit of mutations .
and do it again for another generation .
each one of these rides takes just a few miles .
so i can just do a whole evolution in a computer in a computer in a couple of minutes , or a few hours .
at the end , i have programs that are absolutely excellent in my hand .
in fact , these are much more than the programs that are in my lab .
now i can &apos;t tell you how they work .
i tried to study them , tell you how they work .
it &apos;s the power , the strange programs .
but they do the task .
in fact , i &apos;m sure you &apos;re going to get the task , because they &apos;re going to get hundreds of thousands of programs .
it depends on their lives .
and i was able to go to a 747 place with my wife , and he took this card , and he said , &quot; oh look , look at this , look at this .
does this aircraft not feel sure to have hundreds of thousands of small pieces that work together to keep you safe ?
in fact , we know that the engineering process doesn &apos;t work very well .
we &apos;re starting to rely on computers in making very different processes .
it allows us to create much more complicated things than if we have the ability to get our ordinary lives .
and we don &apos;t have the options that we have yet to have .
in a sense , it &apos;s moving ahead .
we &apos;re using these programs to make this process faster , faster computers .
so he feeds himself back .
it &apos;s getting faster , so i think it &apos;s very confusing .
because all these technologies are feeding themselves .
we &apos;re going to go .
we &apos;re at the point of time when individual organisms begin to transform into organisms .
so we are the ones that we &apos;re creating and what we create in god .
we &apos;re at a point of transition .
and i think there &apos;s something really coming in .
i think it would be very easy to think that we are the ultimate product of evolution .
the next thing is , what are we all about to produce it ?
the lunch is approaching , i think i &apos;m going to finish it before i &apos;m done .
my story actually starts two years ago in rajasthan .
at a star night , i was in the desert , and i was a sufi musician named ali ali .
and we were talking about the change of the ancient history of india since the time of the old indian .
at that time , when we were the indians , we were going to jump into the sky and jump into the sky .
now we do the same with airplanes .
at that time , the great indian warrior prince , the great indian warrior , took a horse and pulled it out of the ground .
now we &apos;re doing the same thing with machines and machines .
the result was that the magic took place .
and it really hurt me .
i realized that i was getting scared a little bit .
i was shocked by the idea that i had my ability to make a picture of my camera without having a photo , and my friends had the idea of making me cry .
and i thought technology should make it possible instead of killing magic .
a little girl , my grandfather gave me a little silver cell hour .
and this is the most magical thing for me in 50 years of technology .
the hackers became a golden ribbon in a world filled with debris , debris and images .
so i felt that our mobile phones and our mobile phones were not going to be able to imagine us .
you can &apos;t get rid of it .
and so i &apos;ve traveled to the technology world , to see how i can use it to make it possible instead of killing magic .
i &apos;ve been drawing pictures for books since 19 .
and when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a storytelling device that would connect the audience around the world .
it &apos;s how we do it .
we can &apos;t understand where we are .
it brings together an official and text , animation , sound and touch .
storytelling becomes much more nuanced .
so what do we do with that ?
in fact , i &apos;m going to show you an app for the ipad .
he says , &quot; put your finger on every single light . &quot;
and so -- he says , &quot; this box belongs to this person , &quot; and i &apos;m writing my step here .
and i &apos;m actually becoming a character in the book .
in various locations , i get a little letter -- and i know where you live with the ipad gps -- which is actually showing me .
so , these kinds of possibilities are really excited about the child that i have .
i mentioned a lot of my time .
and i don &apos;t mean that i &apos;m going to get rid of this , and i mean , i &apos;m a dyslexic magic , which is what we all have when you &apos;re a kid .
the idea of a cockroach , for a reason , is always because of it .
and here &apos;s the ipad , and the frog goes out .
and in fact , they actually light up your path .
another idea that fascinated me when i was a kid is that all the galaxies are in a single form of the galaxy .
and here , every book and every world is going to take a little hammer into the magic device that &apos;s inside the device .
and it opens a map .
since the beginning , the map of all of the fantastic books was the map , but these maps are maps .
this is a map of the growing , shining and the book .
it comes out in certain parts of the book .
i &apos;m going to go inside .
the other thing that &apos;s really important for me is the fact that india is but also a very modern content .
this is what you see here .
we &apos;ve all heard of it before , and we &apos;ve heard a lot of people , but how many people outside india know their sisters ?
this poor aunt , old and old , had been closed for thousands of years in the rooms of the old and old .
and we bring them back to a modern child story .
and it &apos;s a story that is really dealing with new challenges like environmental crises .
when we talk about environmental crises , i think the big problem that we &apos;ve faced over the past 10 years , the big problem that we &apos;ve faced in the children &apos;s rooms is that they don &apos;t sit out in their rooms .
but now , with mobile technology , we can move out with technology with technology .
one of the stories in the book is that you &apos;re going to go out and take a mission that requires you to open your ipad , and take pictures of different natural objects .
i was a little kid , there were sticks , stones , stones , stones and shells .
and somehow kids don &apos;t do that anymore .
and in order to bring this back to my childhood , and in a part , you can take a picture of a flower and then take it off .
in another part , it takes a picture of a tree shell , and you can put it on .
and so you actually create a digital photograph of the online online .
and in london , a child , and he said , &quot; i saw a fox today . &quot;
a child in india said , &quot; i saw a monkey today . &quot;
and it actually creates this kind of social network around a collection of a collection of digital photographs of the digital photographs .
the possibility of bringing magic together , the world and technology is really too much .
in the next book , in the next book , we &apos;re working on the ipad , and we &apos;re working on a interactions that you &apos;ve put out of the ipad , and you see this dynamic illusion that you can see in your home .
at some point , you &apos;re going to be surrounded by the petals .
and you have to make wind sound for the wind , and you &apos;re reading the sequel .
we &apos;re moving towards a world where nature &apos;s forces are approaching technology , and magic and technology are coming together .
we get energy from the sun .
we have our children and our children , our children , and we have a very simple story that we have in the world of a very simple story .
thank you .
this is a great honor for me .
i spent most of my life in cells , in prisons , death cells .
i spent most of my time in the very low neighborhoods , in projects that lost hope and in places .
and here , being at ted and seeing this call is very much energy for me .
what i &apos;ve been seeing here is that ted is a identity of ted .
you can tell the world that something really contributes to the world .
some things are just as much as they don &apos;t have at ted , and they have power .
i &apos;m talking about this because i think identity is really important .
we watched some presentations .
i think we &apos;ve learned that you &apos;re going to be able to do something that comes out of your mouth , but if it &apos;s really important , it &apos;s particularly meaningful .
you can do good things , but if you do something that is worth value , you can do something else .
i want to talk to you about the power of identity .
i didn &apos;t realize that when i was working in the field of law , or doing my job .
i learned about it .
i grew up in a traditional african family ; the chairman of our family was a woman , strong , strong .
it was the result of all discussions in the house .
and he was able to make a lot of discussions .
it was really a slave of a family that was slavery .
the mother was born in the &apos; 70s in virginia .
it was born in the &apos; 80s , and from slavery to the world .
it was loud , but it was also the same .
when i went to see it a little boy , i was so hard to see me so hard , and then he left it .
a two hours later , i saw him again , &quot; bryan , do you feel that you &apos;re still feeling you &apos;re feeling ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; no . &quot; again , i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
it had a characteristic that you &apos;d like to be at all .
the only problem was 10 children .
he was the youngest of his 10 children .
when i was going to spend time with it , it would be hard to take attention and time .
they &apos;re everywhere .
i remember a day when i went to the hall and went to the hall , and i remember all the time .
my grandmother was sitting in front of the room and looked at me .
i thought i had a game .
he looked at her , but he was very serious .
after that , 15 minutes later , it came out of the room , the other side of the room came to me , and he said , &quot; let &apos;s talk to you . we have to talk to you . &quot;
i remember it like yesterday .
i will never forget .
he took me out and said , &quot; bryan , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but i tell anyone that i &apos;m saying . &quot;
i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;m going to die . &quot;
he said , &quot; well , it &apos;s calm . &quot;
then he sat me , he looked at me and he said , &quot; i want you to know you guys . &quot;
&quot; i think you &apos;re the ones .
you can do whatever you want . &quot;
i &apos;ll never forget that .
and then he said , &quot; i want you to deliver three things for me . &quot;
i said , &quot; okay . &quot;
&quot; my first wish for you is that i will always be ashamed .
i want to say that my little daughter and her will always be deaf . &quot;
i was in my mother , and i said , &quot; yes , you &apos;re wrong . &quot;
and then he said , &quot; the second thing i want to say is that you always do the right thing , even if it &apos;s the right thing to do . &quot;
and i thought a little bit , and i said , &quot; okay , it &apos;s fine . &quot;
finally , he said , &quot; you never drink any of you . &quot;
i was nine years old , so i said , &quot; okay , you &apos;re wrong . &quot;
in the south , i grew up in a rural neighborhood , and i had a big brother , and i had a little girl and a little girl .
when i was 15 years old , my brother came home with a little beer pack in his hands -- where did i know -- i didn &apos;t know where he and my sister took me to the forest area .
and there were three children who were always doing this .
he took a drink and gave me a girl , and he gave me a little bit , and he gave me .
i said , &quot; no , no , no , no . you don &apos;t need it . i &apos;m not ashamed . &quot;
my brother said , &quot; let &apos;s do it . we &apos;re going to do this today , and you have to do what we do .
i took a little bit of it , and it &apos;s taken , and it &apos;s fine . &quot;
i said , &quot; no , that &apos;s not true to me , for you . &quot;
then my brother started looking upright to me .
he said , &quot; what do you have ? that &apos;s the case . &quot;
and then he looked at me and said , &quot; i hope you &apos;re still stuck in the talk . &quot;
i said , &quot; why are you talking about it ? &quot;
&quot; they say they are special to all their grandchildren . &quot;
they &apos;re not .
i &apos;m going to admit to you something .
it &apos;s probably something that we need to do .
this is going to be distributed to the masses .
but i &apos;m going to admit you , and i &apos;m going to admit to you a drop in my life .
it &apos;s not a very virtuous thing -- i mean , because of the power that exists .
if we create the right identity , we can tell the world around us that doesn &apos;t really make sense .
they don &apos;t know what they &apos;re thinking about them .
when i think about it , of course , i think that all the grandchildren are not able to be able to .
my grandfather was due to the ban on drinking .
you can &apos;t get rid of the disease that they have .
that &apos;s what we need to observe .
so so far , i tried to say something about our justice system .
our country -- it &apos;s a lot different than the year ago .
in 1972 , there were 300,000 people in prisons .
today , 1.3 million people .
the united states is the country that gives the most prison sentence .
there are seven million people who have been evacuated as a provisional or viable .
and i think that mass execution changed our world .
in poor neighborhoods , there are a lot of different ethnicities , and there &apos;s despair , there &apos;s despair .
one of the three black men between 18 and 30 years in prison , or in jail , would be able to get in jail or not .
in cities around the country , the city of los angeles , philadelphia , baltimore , washington -- 93 percent of the men who are not a white man or a provisional or parole , or a provisional or parole .
our system is not just polarized because of the race , but also because of poverty .
the justice system in this country is better , if it &apos;s a white and innocent , and it &apos;s better for those who are poor and innocent .
the results vary from the crime .
and yet , we seem very angry .
the policy of fear and anger , like these things , is like that .
connection was broken .
it sounds interesting to me .
i see some interesting developments .
in my case , like some other states , if you have the right to vote , you get your right to vote .
now in alabama , 34 percent of the men in the black men lost their right to vote .
according to him , the rate of voting in the next ten years will be equally equal before the law on voting .
and there &apos;s an amazing silence .
i represent children .
it &apos;s very young .
the united states is the only country in the world that sentenced the 13 children to life imprisonment .
in this country , children are being sentenced without a provisional release .
these cases are really happening .
it &apos;s the only country in the world .
i &apos;m representing the people who are interested in it .
this punishment sentence is very interesting .
in many ways , the real question is whether the real problem is that people are dying because of crimes committed .
this is a pretty reasonable question .
but we can ask that question differently than we have .
if we do that , we don &apos;t want to die because of the crimes that we have to ask , because we don &apos;t want to kill people who are committed .
i think that &apos;s incredible .
the death penalty in the united states poses mistakes .
we found that one person was innocent and that person was arrested .
an amazing error rate -- one of the nine people is innocent .
incredible .
if you were , one of the nine planes would have had no flight whatsoever .
but somehow we can &apos;t get ourselves out of this problem .
it &apos;s not our problem .
we don &apos;t care .
we don &apos;t care .
i &apos;m talking about these issues .
i talk about what we don &apos;t want to kill and kill .
this is very interesting , when i teach my students about the history of african africans .
i &apos;m talking about them , i &apos;m talking about the reconstruction process and the second world war ii .
they don &apos;t know much about her .
but for the african africans , it was an era of terrorism .
many communities are opposed to the danger of harassment .
they were scared .
it was a terrorist that shapes their lives .
these older people come to me and say , &quot; mr. bay , talk , presentations , presentations , you &apos;re going to tell people saying they &apos;re facing the first time in 11 september , when they &apos;re against terrorism . &quot;
they say , &quot; we grew up with them . &quot;
and of course , this era of terrorism followed discrimination and years of racism .
and unfortunately , we don &apos;t like to talk about our problems in this country .
we don &apos;t like to talk about our history .
so we didn &apos;t really understand why we did what we did in history .
we &apos;re constantly dealing with each other .
we create constant tension and conflict .
we &apos;re suffering from difficulty , because i think we don &apos;t want to give ourselves to truth and reconciliation .
people in south africa understood that racism and reconciliation can be avoided .
in rwanda , even during the genocide , there was dignity , but we didn &apos;t do it in this country .
i gave a lesson about death penalty in germany .
it was fascinating because after the academics , one of the academics stood up and said , &quot; you can &apos;t hear the man deeply .
there is no punishment in germany .
naturally , there can be no punishment in germany , &quot; he said .
the room , and a woman says , &quot; never , we can never allow people to die in systematic systematically .
in a deliberate way , it would be our obligation to kill people , &quot; he said .
i thought about it .
how would the state of germany be in a world where people were killing people , and they would have been largely jewish ?
i &apos;m going to look at this .
that would have been the case .
however , we are killing people in the former southern provinces , where the death rate is 11 times more than the victim is in the black , and if the defendant is sentenced to death , it &apos;s 22 times more and more of the people in the territory of the defendant .
but there &apos;s still a disconnect .
i think our identity is in risk .
we don &apos;t care about these hard things , we care about positive and wonderful things .
we love it .
we love technology . we love creativity .
we love fun .
but in fact , these facts are , with fear , with abuse , with shame .
so i think we have to connect these two things .
because in essence , we &apos;re talking about the problems that live in a more hopeful world than we have to live in a complex world .
for me , it &apos;s the opportunity to talk to ted , to the ted , the opportunity to come to ted .
thinking to them becomes part of our lives .
you know , in essence , we have to believe what we &apos;re all seeing .
and we &apos;re not going to be able to say , well , that &apos;s how much minds are .
innovation , creativity , development doesn &apos;t come from ideas .
it comes from the ideas that we have in our minds and the ideas that we create in our minds .
and if i think about it , our connection is not only the bright and the eye , but also the dark and hard things that make it important to the dark and hard things .
the great czech leader , vaclav havel , spoke about this .
&quot; when we tried to deal with the pressure in eastern europe , we wanted everything , but the hope we needed was not to forget our souls , sometimes in the desperate places , &quot; he said .
this spirit of spirit , i think , should be the basis of the commitment of the ted community .
no link to technology and design allows us to be fully human , unless we don &apos;t care about our suffering , poverty , injustice , injustice .
but what you &apos;re going to do : it &apos;s a lot harder to have this kind of identity than that .
you &apos;ll hear it .
i went to meet a young politician , rosa parks .
she was at the same time , he came to jesse , the closest friends , and the elderly , the elderly , the men &apos;s campaign , the banjo bus boycott , and he represented dr. king , a white woman , a white woman , dr. king , dr. king , dr. king .
these women are together and they &apos;re just the ones .
by the way , the grandmother called me , and he called me &quot; bryan , parks come to the city . &quot; and we &apos;ll talk to the city .
would you like to come and hear it ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; of course , i want . &quot;
he said , &quot; what do you do here ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to listen . &quot;
it goes there and i listen .
it gave me energy and power .
and once you listen to these women , a few hours later , the parks came to me and said , &quot; now , i &apos;m going to tell you what &apos;s the equal justice initiative .
let me tell you what to do . &quot;
i started telling him .
&quot; we are trying to fight .
we &apos;re trying to help those who are unfair .
we are trying to fight the legal judiciary and fight discrimination .
we are trying to help children who are not allowed for provisional release .
we &apos;re trying to do something about the death penalty .
we &apos;re trying to reduce the number of people in prisons .
we are trying to block our collective mass . &quot;
and i told him all this stuff , and he looked at me and said , &quot; mmm mmm mmm .
it will hurt you very many , &quot; he said .
and he was looking at me on the right , and he said , &quot; that &apos;s why you should be very , very brave . &quot;
i believe that ted community should be really brave .
with these challenges , we have to find ways to deal with problems with problems .
because our humanity depends on everybody &apos;s dignity .
i learned some very simple things when i was doing that .
he taught me some very simple things .
i realized that we are more than the worst thing we do .
i think about everybody on the planet .
i think somebody says it &apos;s not just a liar .
i think it &apos;s not just a burglar , but it &apos;s not just a burglar .
i think you &apos;re not just a murderer .
so , that &apos;s why the human dignity is being investigated by law .
and i think that this country and in many places in the world are not the equivalent of poverty .
i don &apos;t believe that .
i think in many places , it &apos;s the opposite of poverty .
and i think the more beautiful , exciting , exciting , exciting , and ultimately , we can &apos;t get our technology to our technology , our dreams and our dreams .
finally , the character of a society is how we can use the character of a society , and how we can use it to be able to tell the poor , the poor , the poor , the poor , the poor .
so we understand our own self .
sometimes i &apos;m going to get rid of the ground . i &apos;ll end with this story .
sometimes i &apos;m very nervous .
like all of us , we &apos;re not .
sometimes these ideas are really important from the real perspective .
i represent children who have been sentenced to very heavy sentences .
i &apos;m going to see that i &apos;m going to be able to see in the prison , as a adults , to be treated as a grownup , 14 year-old old .
and i think , how did that happen ?
how can a judge transform you into something that you don &apos;t have ?
judge has decided that he is a grownup , but i see this kid .
i was thinking late at night , my god , if you &apos;re not a judge , you have to have magical powers that you &apos;re not going to get to something .
so bryan &apos;s magical powers .
you can share them with you .
i started working on the right way , because i was standing at the bottom of the late hour .
at 14 , there was a poor , black lady .
i started working on the motion , and i &apos;m going to argue , &quot; i &apos;m going to defend the poor , the 14 year-old , and i &apos;m going to argue , &quot; i &apos;m going to argue , &quot; i &apos;m going to defend the poor , white , 75 year-old company . &quot;
i put it in my lab , my aunt , the nurses , the judiciary .
you &apos;ve got a crazy line , and there &apos;s no reference in this country , you &apos;ve got no reference .
when i came up the next morning , i saw this crazy proposition , or did i really write ?
as a terrifying , it is not only the case , but we will not be able to judge the court .
a few months ago , i &apos;ve forgotten this .
finally , i decided , and i would go to the court and i would do this crazy plea .
i got a car , i felt really overwhelmed .
i went to the car and went to the office .
i thought it would be very difficult and painful .
i went up and i started walking in the court court .
the court palace was out of the entrance of the palace , and there was a man who was a black man .
when she saw me , he came to me and asked me who i was .
i said , &quot; my lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; yes . &quot; &quot; yes . &quot;
he approached me , and he was hooked .
beware .
&quot; i &apos;m proud of you . &quot;
i tell you , it gave me energy .
it has created a connection with the capacity to contribute to the society and every human being and different perspectives .
i went to the court .
and the judge came to see me that i was coming .
and he said , &quot; mr. bay , you know that crazy proposition ? &quot;
i said , &quot; yeah , i wrote . &quot; we started arguing .
the people in the audience started to go into the room .
i wrote these crazy things .
and the police officers , the aid prosecutors , the clerks .
when i didn &apos;t understand what was happening , people who were frustrated with the race , because we were talking about poverty , to the court .
i saw my eye coming back and forth and forth .
he was looking at the window and he heard all this mess .
he continued to go back .
at the end , this is a little bit worried about the old black man &apos;s face , and he sat down and sat down , almost the lawyers &apos; desk .
ten minutes later , judge said that we would leave .
the deputy director of police , however , was not allowed to enter the courtroom .
he stood up and he went to this old man .
he said , &quot; jimmy , in the courtroom ? &quot;
the old black man stood up , and he looked at me and he looked at me , and he said , &quot; this is the young man , and i came to this room to break your eyes from the prize and say , &quot; i &apos;ve come to this guy . &quot;
and i think many of you have to come to ted , and many of you are aware that the universe is in justice .
as humans , you have to understand that human rights and human rights are not fully defined .
you realize that our survival depends on survival .
you understand that technology , design , entertainment , creativity are supposed to be internal to humanity , compassion and justice .
so , more than all of you , you &apos;ve got to get your eyes out of the prize , and i &apos;ve come from the prize .
thank you very much .
you &apos;ve seen that these guys and this community want to help you , and you &apos;ve heard it .
what else can we do than writing a check ?
there are many possibilities around us .
if you &apos;re living in california , it &apos;s going to be a referendum this summer , and it &apos;s going to be the way we spend the money that we &apos;ve spent here in the penal policy .
for example , we &apos;re going to spend a billion dollars in the next five years in california -- a billion dollars .
however , 70 per cent of the murders were lost .
56 percent of the rape cases were counted .
we have a chance to change this .
the referendum proposes that these funds are legal sanctions and security .
i think we all have opportunities around us .
in the last three decades , there &apos;s a lot of decline in the u.s.
and part of this is the increasing rate of concentration .
what would you ask someone who said this ?
in fact , the crime rate remains unchanged .
the rise in mass execution is actually not in the category of wild crimes .
it &apos;s been a hostile battle against drugs .
this is the visible increase in the population of the population .
this is the sentence of punishment .
we have three knobs , we have these resources to the victims , and the ones that are in charge of the fact that they &apos;re not going to put them in jail for their own financial crimes forever .
i think we should do more to help victims , not less .
the current justice system does nothing for anyone .
that &apos;s what we need to change .
you &apos;ve seen a huge interest here .
inspiration is a lifesaver .
thank you very much for coming to ted . thank you .
d1 : threats , after bin laden &apos;s death , increased .
second : famine in somalia .
third of all : police are pepper gas . fourth grade : the enemy .
fifth of all : cruise ships . the sixth lady : social connectedness .
seventh of all , 65 dead dead : the eighth replicator : tsunami warning .
number two : drug war . mass destruction . hurricane .
decline . delay . dawn . egypt .
syria . crisis . the crisis .
disaster . oh my god .
peter haas : these were just some of the last six months i collected in the last six months , and it could be the last six years or six years .
i mean , the news broadcasters have been choosing to give us some negative news , because they &apos;re being taken away .
and there &apos;s a very good reason for this .
every day every day , every single day , it brings us more data to our brains than our brains .
and because there &apos;s nothing more important than being in life for us , the first stop of all those data is called schizophrenia , which is called the temporal lobe .
now , the amygdala is our early warning , which is our danger .
and they organize all the data and look at anything that can hurt us in the environment .
so we &apos;re going to look at a dozen stories , especially in the negative .
and that &apos;s the old word of journalism , which is very accurate .
so , if we think about the seven days of the week , the day 24 hours of the day , we &apos;re not going to think about negative news .
it &apos;s not surprising that people think that the world is going wrong .
but perhaps , that &apos;s not the case .
perhaps , it &apos;s what happens to us , in fact what happens to us .
perhaps , in the last century , the tremendous development we &apos;ve recorded through a series of influences is actually that that we have the potential to create a climate of abundance within the next three decades .
i don &apos;t say we have a lot of problems now ; climate crisis , species of water , water and energy -- of course , of course .
and as humans , we &apos;re much better than we &apos;ve ever seen problems , but we &apos;re ultimately going to catch them .
so let &apos;s see what the last century is .
in the last century , the average life expectancy of people has increased over two times , and in the world , the average person per capita has tripled to three times .
child mortality has fallen to one .
add that to one of the food , electricity , transportation , communication costs to one of 10 to 1,000 .
steve pinker actually showed us that we live in the most peaceful period of human history .
and charles bonnet has been in the last 130 years over 80 percent of global warming .
we live in a really unusual time .
most people forget it .
and we &apos;re going to see our expectations .
in fact , we redefine what poverty means .
think about the poverty line in america , most people below the poverty line today , the water , the toilets , the refrigerators , the mobile , the mobile phones , the mobile and the cars .
the richest rulers of the last century couldn &apos;t even imagine that they could not be able to be able to be able to imagine that they could not be able to be able to do their best .
it &apos;s the technology that &apos;s underlying in most of this , and recently growing exponentially .
my good friend ray kurzweil shows that any device that has information technology goes into this detector , in moore &apos;s law , and within every 12 or 24 months , the price performance is doubling .
so this is why your mobile phone -- the word of the &apos; 70s -- is a million times cheaper and more quickly than a thousand times .
now look at this image .
this is moore &apos;s law in the last century .
i want you to notice two things that you can do .
the first is , how smooth is it -- it &apos;s good at the time , and it &apos;s bad at the war , the collapse , the decline , the decline , the fall and the rise of the war .
this is the result of faster computers to make computers .
we &apos;re not going to be able to make any of our big lives .
and also , even though the law was drawn on the left , it was going down .
the speed of technology is accelerating .
and in this curve , moore &apos;s law has a lot of extraordinary technologies that are open to all of us .
the cloud it , my colleagues at autodesk -- the sensor and the networks -- the sensor and the networks -- 3d printing , which is the ability to be created , and the ability to create synthetic biology -- synthetic biology -- the digital medicine -- the digital medicine -- and artificial intelligence .
so how many of you are watching ibm won the robocup ?
i mean , you can &apos;t .
in fact , i was looking for the best newspaper writing papers and looking at the headlines .
and i love this : &quot; watson is superior to human opponents . &quot;
jeopardy is not a simple game .
it &apos;s about human language .
and please imagine , every single person with a cell phone , is artificial .
four years ago at ted , ray kurzweil and i set up a new university , singularity university .
and we teach our students that all these technologies and , especially , to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and every year we want a company or product or product that will affect the lives of a billion people a year in a positive way .
think about it , literally , a group of students , today , the fact that a billion people are living in the lives of a billion people .
it sounded ridiculous about 30 years ago .
today we can have a dozen companies that have done this .
when i think about creating abundance , the issue is not a luxury life for everybody on the planet -- creating a living life .
it &apos;s rare to get the rare one .
look , it &apos;s an effect that &apos;s going on , and the technology resources are an effect that drives it out .
let me give you an example .
so this is a story about the back of the 1800s in the late 1800s .
that &apos;s the kind of thing on the left .
he called on the king to eat .
all of the soldiers in sokoto have eaten the silver knife with knives , with their own gold knives .
but the king of mine , he ate that aluminum rod with knives .
you see , the most valuable in the liquid on the aluminum planet is more valuable than gold and gold .
this is why the top of the washington memorial was made .
you know , even though you &apos;re going to know about the mass of the earth , it doesn &apos;t get pure metal .
it &apos;s always dependent on oxygen and nitrogen .
but then the technology came out of the technology , and it was literally that we were able to use it so that we use it to use it .
so we can put this analogy forward .
we think about energy shortages .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet that is about 2,000 times the size of the year .
every two minutes , 16 minutes of energy is on the surface of the earth .
it &apos;s not rare , it &apos;s the context .
and there &apos;s good news here .
for the first time , this year , the cost of electricity produced in india -- 50 percent of the electricity generated by the sun -- is 17 cents .
the cost of the sun dropped by 50 percent last year .
last month , mit published a study showing that the united states is going to be five cents per kwh of solar energy in the united states by the end of this decade .
and if we have plenty of energy , we have plenty of our water .
now we &apos;re talking about the water wars .
in 1990 , carl sagan was going to the world when he passed saturn on saturn , and remember , do you remember the sun ?
he took a famous photograph . what was his name ?
&quot; a blue dot . &quot;
because we live in a water planet .
99 percent of us live in a planet covered with water .
yes , we &apos;re fighting the saltwater water , two percent of the water , two percent of the water on the planet , and there &apos;s a fight here , but there &apos;s hope .
and there &apos;s technology that &apos;s going to be available , not 10 , 20 years later , right now .
there &apos;s an emerging nanotechnology .
in this morning , dean kamen and i had to share with you , i &apos;d like to share with you , i &apos;d like to share with you -- that &apos;s the name of what most of you have heard of , as you &apos;ve heard , a little bit of a refrigerator .
it &apos;s two times cheaper than any other source of water , water , water , toilet -- the board of drinking water , the board of water , in the developing world , in the developing world .
and if it works , i have any trust that will benefit , coca-cola will start using it globally in the global , globally .
here &apos;s the innovation that exists today , with this technology .
and we saw this in mobile phones .
oh , in the end of 2013 , we &apos;re going to get 40 percent mobile phone phone in the developing world .
imagine , in the middle of kenya , the mobile phone in the middle of kenya has a better mobile communication than 25 years ago .
so , if you &apos;re going to google from a smart phone , you &apos;ve got a lot more information and intelligence access to president clinton than it has 15 years ago .
they live in a world where no one can predict the amount of information and communication .
even better , you and i &apos;ve spent hundreds of thousands of dollars and hundreds of thousands of dollars and hundreds of thousands of dollars , radio video and a static video , libraries , etc , and it comes out of a full cell phone , which is literally a mobile phone .
maybe the best part comes to the health .
last month , i had the pleasure to explain something called the foundation foundation with a $ 10m x prize .
in the world &apos;s teams , in fact , all of these technologies , all these technologies , because they &apos;re going to be able to be able to take a more successful diagnostic of the device , and to win the device to make the needle , and to get a more successful diagnostic than a team of doctors who can get a needle .
so , imagine this device in the middle of the developing world , where there are no doctors , 25 percent of patients and 16 percent of the health workers .
this is the case of the disease , a rna or dna that doesn &apos;t know that it does not know , and it &apos;s looking at the center for disease control and prevention of the mass epidemic .
but here &apos;s the greatest impact to change the world of abundance .
i call the rising billion name .
here &apos;s white lines here .
we &apos;ve got seven billion hits in the world .
by the way , the best protection of the population of the population is to train the world and make it healthy .
in 2010 , there were a little less than two billion people connected .
by 2020 , internet users will increase from two billion to five billion .
they &apos;re participating in three billion new minds that we don &apos;t know before .
what would these people want ?
what do you care ? what do you care ?
and we &apos;re going to have the largest economic injection that we &apos;re going to live on where we &apos;re going to live .
these people represent several trillion dollars in the economy .
and they &apos;re more healthy , and they &apos;re going to be better educated , and they &apos;re going to be better educated , and they &apos;re going to be more productive than all the time , thanks to the fact that they &apos;re going to be more productive than they can .
so what can we bring to the rise of human , healthy , well-trained , productive , productive ?
what about a group of sounds that we don &apos;t have before ?
what if , for the first time , for the first time , is to provide sound for the first time , and to act for the first time ?
what will these three billion people bring ?
what if you don &apos;t even know what ?
there &apos;s something that i &apos;ve learned from x x , which is the small group of small groups that are being carried out by the very small organizations , the things that are being carried out by the very large corporations and governments .
let me share a story that really excites me and let me close with it .
there &apos;s a program that some of you may have heard of .
it &apos;s a game called foldit .
it came out of the university of seattle .
and this is a game where individuals can take a sequence of amino acid and figure out how protein can be shaped .
and it determines how to function and function and function .
and it &apos;s very important for research in medicine .
and so far , i &apos;ve been able to take a kiss .
and this game was played by university professors and figures .
and there are literally hundreds of thousands of people who are going to play this game .
and it showed that , in fact , the human order mechanism is better than the best computer in the protein protein .
and this was not a mit professor when they went and looked at the world &apos;s best protein protein , not a mit professor , but he was a professor at the night , and he was a pediatrician at the night , and he was the best protein in the world in the night .
ladies and gentlemen , to me , are the fact that we are now empowered to deal with the great challenges of the world , with a huge confidence of the future .
we have this exponential technology .
we &apos;ve got a little bit of pants .
we &apos;ve got a lot of humility .
and we have three billion new minds to work with us to do the big challenges , to do the big challenges .
we are in the right position of our future .
thank you .
i think we need to do something about changing the culture of medicine .
and i think it should start from a doctor , and that &apos;s me .
and when i do that , maybe i &apos;ve been able to break out of the part of my own business , which i &apos;ve been dealing with for a long time .
before i start my talk , let &apos;s start with a piece of pieces .
why not ?
we &apos;re almost halfway to the finals , we &apos;re approaching the finals .
we all love it , right ?
we have a number of remarkable statistics about our work .
and there are hundreds of these .
it &apos;s about making statistics and a very good baseball team for a book called &quot; rugovism . &quot;
i &apos;m going to be able to walk on a website , and i hope most of you hear it .
it &apos;s called the average shot .
we &apos;re talking about 300 , for example , the player &apos;s 300 players .
it means that the player has three shots in three .
so , the most remote parts of the field were to fall by the side of the ball , and then move it into the beginning point , and put it into the beginning point of the player , which hit the ball .
three times .
do you know what you &apos;re talking about in the american baseball league 300 ?
good , really good . it &apos;s a star .
do you know what &apos;s called a 400 year-old ?
this is , by the way , four times the goal .
it was the legendary american baseball league player , ted williams , who hit more than 400 in the normal season .
now let me go back to a little bit more comfortable when you think of myself as much more comfortable or i &apos;m going to do the talk to you .
suppose you &apos;re a surgeon , and it &apos;s a surgical surgeon , which is a surgical surgeon who takes 400 targets on the ground .
strangely , there &apos;s no way to admit that , right ?
now , imagine if you &apos;re living on a bird , and you &apos;re living in a place where you &apos;re living with you , and you &apos;ve got a cardiologist who &apos;s a cardiologist who has 200 attacks on your family , and the person you like to be a doctor .
but do you know what happens ?
he &apos;s doing much better this year . he &apos;s running himself .
and it takes 37 beats .
it doesn &apos;t work strangely .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
what do you think about a heart valve or a high nurse or a high nurse or a doctor , an emergency ?
1,000 , it &apos;s beautiful .
now the truth is that all of the medicine doesn &apos;t know the average the average for a good surgeon or the successful success of emergency personnel .
and what we did was we didn &apos;t know that i was proud of the world , including the external world .
never , never make any mistakes , but the details of what it might have to do with it .
and that was the message that i got in medicine .
i was a student of autism .
in high school , a class friend once told me that brian goldman could work on blood treatment .
and that &apos;s what i did .
i worked in a small room at the head of the state hospital of toronto , which is not far from here .
and you can &apos;t do anything .
the anatomy of my dental classes is unclear and shared , and every single muscle , and the beginning , the beginning and the beginning of all the arteries that come out of the ground .
and i even learned how to do it , and i even learned the diagnosis .
and together , i learned more about it .
and i succeeded , and i graduated in the perfect .
i had a vision when i finished the medical faculty , which is , if i can do everything as much and sufficient as possible , i &apos;m immune to making mistakes .
and for a while , it went wrong , and it was as much as the female lady .
here was the emergency service of the hospital in toronto , where i was at the hospital hospital in toronto .
he was a cardiology surgeon at the time to do it .
and my mission , when i was asked by my emergency clinic , is to see the patient there .
and that was the report .
and i saw the female lady , and i didn &apos;t have it .
and when i listened to it , it was a sound that was coming from it .
and when i listened to her his chest , i was a vocal voice on both sides , which he thought was a heart failure .
in this case , because of the heart of the heart , the heart of heart is completely intact and a bit of blood is lost , and that &apos;s why you get the lungs , and that &apos;s why you get the breathing of the lungs .
and it &apos;s not hard to put the diagnosis .
i put it on my forehead and i did the plan for treatment .
i gave him drugs . i gave him drugs to reduce breathing .
i gave you a liquid shooter called a centrifuge for the burning fluid .
and it began to feel better at a time or two hours .
and i felt really good .
and at that moment i did my first sabbatical -- i sent him to his home .
in fact , i did two more mistakes .
i sent him to his home meeting .
as expected , i didn &apos;t give up the phone , and i didn &apos;t give you information about the patient &apos;s situation , so i couldn &apos;t see the patient at its own .
he knew the patient , so he could make his assessment on her .
i could have done this well .
maybe i didn &apos;t want you to be able to get married .
maybe it was very successful , as i was doing , and the second mistake i did here , as i was doing , was even worse than the second mistake i did without giving him information .
and when i sent it home , i didn &apos;t care about it , and i said , &quot; goldman , this is not a good idea , it &apos;s not a good idea . &quot;
in fact , i have to have a sense of insecurity against myself , and i need to ask the nurse who is sitting behind her husband , and i said , &quot; well , there &apos;s no way to go home .
and the nurse thought , &quot; yes , i think you can &apos;t change the situation . &quot;
i remember it more like this .
so i signed the ambulance , and i came up with a coil , and he came up with emergency staff to take him home .
and i went back to my head .
in the rest of the day , i had a feeling of feeling that i couldn &apos;t leave me in the afternoon .
but i continued to work .
and when i took the car to leave the hospital at the end of the day , i walked home to go home , and it was something i didn &apos;t usually do .
i went through the emergency service for him .
and there was no other nurse who was sitting behind him , but there was only three words to me , and he said , &quot; i know that i know that i &apos;m going to hear a lot of the medical doctors that i know .
and as in other areas of medicine , we still have a different feature for the emergency , but it has a different feature for patients .
that was three words : what would you do ?
&quot; did you remember the patient you sent home ? &quot;
and he asked me directly .
he said , &quot; he came back , &quot; he said .
he came back .
he came back in the face .
and after i put it home , about an hour after the home , it was like , and his family was able to get up to 3.5 , and the ambulance staff brought him back to the emergency room , and the ambulance had a serious shock .
and it was rarely breathing , and it was blue .
and the emergency staff did their best .
they gave him drugs to raise blood pressure .
they put it on .
and this time , i was in love and i was excited .
and i went inside , because i was sent to the intensive care unit , and i was hoping that it was going to be a lot of intensive care .
and it turns out that after two or three days , he never recovered again .
the brain damage was developed .
and his family gathered .
and we were able to stand up for eight or nine days .
and then nine days later , we decided that the process would not be completed , ladies , mothers , mothers and sisters .
they say the names of those killed will never be forgotten .
and that was the first thing that i met with my fellow .
in a couple of weeks , i felt that i was alone and isolated for the first time in a few weeks , and i felt that i was not alone and isolated , but i was alone and isolated , because you don &apos;t talk about it .
you know , you know , you know , you &apos;ve got a secret to tell you that you &apos;re not going to give you the best friend , and you get to your best friend , and you &apos;re going to get into the hot debate , but you &apos;re going to tell you that you &apos;re going to get this feeling that you &apos;re sick .
and you can never do that as a result of that .
this kind of shame is kind of a distraction .
the unhealthy shame that i &apos;m talking about here is that you get you sick .
so this is something that you &apos;re doing , not what you &apos;re doing .
and that was what i felt .
and it wasn &apos;t just my fault , but it wasn &apos;t my fault .
he talked to that family and i &apos;m sure that the problem broke the problem and prevented my lawsuit .
and i kept asking myself these questions .
why don &apos;t you care ? why did i send it home ?
and then i had some worse moments : why did i do this kind of dumb ?
why did i choose medicine ?
it was very useful .
i started feeling a little bit good .
and a day when the air was cloudy , it became thunder sky , and the sun started to look , and i wondered , i felt good .
and i negotiated myself with myself , and if i had two degrees to make myself perfect , please stop the voice , please stop sound .
and they stopped .
and i went back to my work .
and then it happened .
two years ago , i saw a man in the hospital of a hospital in toronto , just north of toronto , and i saw 25 years old .
there was density , and i was a little bit quick .
he was showing it .
and i looked at the nose , and i was a little shy .
and i gave him a recipe for penicillin and sent it .
and he was still pointing out his nose at that door .
and two days later , i came to the next emergency response , and he said he wanted to talk to me in the slow voice office .
and he said three words : do you miss him ?
do you remember the patient that you &apos;ve seen when you &apos;ve seen it ?
as a result , it doesn &apos;t mean that it &apos;s not the pearl strait .
in contrast , there was a situation that was a vital risk of the name .
if you can look at google , you can look at google , but it could lead to the closure of the nose , not the upper respiratory way .
and the chance of luck was that dead .
the antibiotic antibiotics were started , and within a few days , it was cool .
and i went back to the same kind of shame and accusations , and i went back to my work , and i went back and forth and over again .
i jumped two times in the same emergency period .
this is somehow happening , especially in a hospital where you see 14 patients in a hospital .
i don &apos;t think they &apos;re going to get them to their home , and i don &apos;t think there &apos;s any risk that they have .
i thought of kidney as a kidney .
i wanted kidney x-ray . the result was that my friend , which is normal , got a sensitivity in the right part of my friend , and he called the surgeons .
there was a lot of blood .
i proposed some liquids , and i asked my friend to evaluate him .
and he did it , and he was looking for the surgeons when he was feeling tension in the right part .
in both cases , they did their operations and patients got sick .
but when i was on my side every time , it came to me like me .
and i &apos;d like to tell you that i was in the first five years of my career , as many of my colleagues were saying , as i was saying , in the first five years .
some are in the last five years .
they &apos;re alone , and they &apos;re quiet .
the problem is : if i &apos;m not going to be able to make myself clean , and i think i &apos;m going to be able to talk to me about what i &apos;m going to do , how do you share the sound that i &apos;m really telling you about ?
how do i teach them how to teach them to do what i do ?
if i go to the room now , i don &apos;t know what you &apos;re thinking about .
when did someone talk to you about a mistake ?
yes , the cocktail goes to the party and the other doctor &apos;s talk , but you can &apos;t read somebody who &apos;s talking about their mistakes .
if i went into a room that was filled with a full room , and then i would tell you that i had a little bit of really uncomfortable , and some of them would be really uncomfortable , and some of them would be really uncomfortable with it , and they would be able to do it on it .
and in fact , if i and my friends were able to tell me that one of my colleagues had broken off the wrong leg , i would not even have trouble with the person .
so we have this system .
a system based on errors .
in this system , there are errors in the two positions , and the error is the failure of the sleep , the sleep of sleep and those who do so successfully .
and this is almost like an ideological reaction , and it &apos;s something like the resistance of antibodies .
and it has a sense that if you &apos;re not going to get out of medicine , it &apos;s a safe system .
but there are two problems .
i made a personal study to learn about the first articles i wrote about medical medicine and magazines in the medical broadcasting business and the magazine , and i made a personal study from the first articles i wrote in my medical journal .
and what i learned is that mistakes are always and everywhere .
we &apos;re in a system that &apos;s there every day , every single day , one of the 10 out there , or the wrong , or the wrong dose , is that every day , the hospital is causing destruction and death .
in this country , as many as many canadians have been able to produce medical mistakes , they have been averted .
in the united states , medical institute is 100,000 .
in both cases , there &apos;s a big shortage , because we don &apos;t do what we do .
and here &apos;s an example .
the hospital system is absolutely increasing in both or three years of medical information .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .
we have the front line of our own , and i can tell a wonderful story about a patient with breast pain .
now you take the same patient in the breast , you do it with salt and his jaw , and you &apos;re going to get a little bit of alcohol , and suddenly the story becomes a form of shape .
i get the same story .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i always do everything with the same way .
and my patients are not cars ; they always move their symptoms into the same way .
if you take all this into account , mistakes are inevitable .
take a system like me , and it &apos;s possible to make a mistake , and just throw the medical staff out of it , no one &apos;s left .
and you know this industry about people who don &apos;t want to talk about bad cases .
i &apos;ve made my show &quot; white white , black art , &quot; &quot; here i am the worst , &quot; and i can tell everyone to say , &quot; well , what &apos;s the worst in my heart ? &quot; and i can tell them , &quot; hey , what &apos;s the worst thing ? &quot;
and they can grow up , and then they look down , and then they look down , and they &apos;re going to tell stories and tell stories .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share .
they want to say , &quot; look , you &apos;re doing the mistake that i do . &quot;
they need an environment where they can do things like this .
they need a new definition of medical culture .
and that starts every time with a doctor .
it &apos;s a newly defined doctor , and it knows that human beings , it &apos;s not proud of making mistakes , but it &apos;s not going to be a lesson to get a lesson to someone else .
they share their experiences with others .
when others are talking about mistakes , they &apos;re not going to be afraid .
and not to be able to get into the mistakes of others , but it &apos;s full of love , it &apos;s very supportive .
and as a human culture , it acknowledges that there are people who are working in the system of medicine , and they &apos;re going to make mistakes , and they &apos;re going to make mistakes .
the system is improving the experience , making it easier for people to make the mistakes that people do , and the way that you can see the way that everyone has been able to do so , like the health care system , and that &apos;s what they &apos;re doing , and people like me have been able to do it because they make mistakes .
my name is brian goldman .
i &apos;m a redefined doctor .
i &apos;m a person . i make mistakes .
so i &apos;m sorry , but i &apos;m going to teach others to learn something to teach others .
i don &apos;t know what you &apos;re thinking about , but i don &apos;t think about it .
and let me end my own three words : i really remember .
this is a little idea that i &apos;m going to talk about this day .
it &apos;s about the level level .
so i &apos;m going to tell you three stories before i can put this idea in a minute .
and the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you know , it was there in 2003 .
you can think of your sister , but you can &apos;t .
actually , he was carrying fish .
and he described it as &quot; widespread &quot; .
and this is what we &apos;re doing .
it was very common to hunting these fish by 2030 .
now these fish are on the list of endangered species .
now we &apos;ve heard a lot of this story , there &apos;s no particular feature of galapagos islands and other places .
but we &apos;re still going to galapagos .
we think it &apos;s intact .
and it &apos;s shown in the print that it &apos;s perfectly pure and clean .
so what &apos;s going on there ?
the second story is , at the same time , showing a different concept , the size of the shifting .
in 1968 , i was working in western africa .
i was there because i was in europe and i wanted to work in africa .
and i thought , &quot; i &apos;m going to call harmony . &quot;
i was in the sun in a bad way , and i was convinced that i was going to get out of it .
this is my first solar star .
it &apos;s the palm trees , palm trees and a little bit .
they had the fish that were about 20 square meters of fish , and they &apos;d be able to get rid of the kind of plankton .
this kind of fishing was spent on fishing and a good time , and it was better than ghana &apos;s average .
when i went there five years later , fish were halfway half .
we &apos;re not going to be up to five senses .
it &apos;s genetically engineered .
fish farms were still there .
they &apos;re still happy .
fish are also going to be there .
there was no changed thing , but everything changed .
my third story is that i am a partner in the crime partner to be able to keep fishing in southeast asia .
in the 1970s , in the early 1960s , it made a lot of european development projects .
developments were meant to be forced by countries with industrial fishing .
this is the name of a pretty ugly vessel .
and i opened this boat in the sea , and in south china , especially in the south of the sea , we &apos;ve done research in the sea .
we couldn &apos;t describe it with words .
now i understand what i &apos;m talking about , we captured the sea .
90 percent of the land is covered by sponge and the sea .
in fact , most of the fish were in the wreckage , there were corals in the wreckage .
and then the bottom of the sea and then went back to the sea .
these pictures are extraordinary because the transitions are very fast .
in a year , you &apos;re doing research , and commercial fishing begins .
it turned into the bottom of the sea , or the soft corals .
this is a dead turtle .
you &apos;re going to go back to the sea for the sake .
we &apos;ve once captured live .
we haven &apos;t seen it yet .
they wanted to kill for food .
fishermen have been in the area of fishing , where they have been doing this pile of migraine , but they have been documented .
we change our world and forget it .
we bring the ocean base to a new level , and we &apos;re going to shape it .
if we make a count , something like this happens .
suppose that there are good things in the y-axis : biodiversity , killer whales , your country , water resources .
it &apos;s changing over time ; the reason for change is people , or natural conditions .
each generation takes the images that he sees in the beginning of his conscious life , and he picks it up .
he sees the difference between what happens at that moment .
but before that , it doesn &apos;t seem to be missing .
there can be a background .
at the end , if you look at it , it &apos;s actually the poor to protect the poor .
now that &apos;s what we do .
it &apos;s not going to go on , and it &apos;s not like they &apos;ve been in the past .
they were thought to have influenced the prehistoric people , and they killed animals , and they were aware that they did it after a few generations .
because , naturally , the number of animals that are very , very large , is reduced .
so you can make the animals that are very large .
you lose the numbers .
so this is a big loss .
over time , the big animals are in the sea , and this means that it &apos;s big fish .
they &apos;re going down , because they don &apos;t kill them .
and over time , we have a couple of fish , we call it a base level .
the question is , why do people get this ?
because we don &apos;t know that it &apos;s different before .
in fact , many people say this is actually very different .
they say that , because the previous evidence that they want to be able to do .
for example , there &apos;s a lot of water that &apos;s used to tell the captain that captain captain had had a lot of fish here , because it &apos;s not &quot; scientific &quot; .
so the situation is that even though we have the community , we don &apos;t know the past because we &apos;re not going to be able to get into the resources of the past .
therefore , protection zones play an important role .
because we &apos;re redefining the past of protection .
the bottom level changes , and because it &apos;s very below , we &apos;re redefining the history of people .
this is for the people who can see the protected areas , and for those who can benefit from the information they have provided , so we can reconstruct the base levels .
what if people don &apos;t have access to them -- for example ?
for them , i think art can fill the gap of films and films .
this is a simulation of chesapeake bay .
in the old days , 500 years ago , there were gray whales in chesapeake bay .
you notice that colors look like nirvana .
when you think of nirvana , why don &apos;t you think about why people are very influenced by it -- you don &apos;t forget the story of it ?
because it reminded them things that were lost .
so my suggestion is , i &apos;m going to be the only suggestion , james cameron &apos;s robot -- he &apos;s underwater .
thank you very much .
in the 1980s , if there was a communist in the communist east germany , we would put it in the government .
you can read the example of a written letter written in the typewriter .
and that &apos;s what this government did to find the source of the text .
when they found a piece of paper that had a wrong thought , it was the trace of the head of the head .
and we don &apos;t understand how much one of the west can do this , how much we can do .
it &apos;s never going to happen in our own countries .
but today , in 2011 , if you buy any major laser printer , and if you buy the colored laser printer , it will be yellow dots that show you that this page is the yellow dots that show you and your personality .
that &apos;s what happens to us today .
and nobody seems to have been able to do it .
and this is an example of the technology that shows us one of the ways to use it against citizens .
and this is one of three main sources of online problems today .
if we look at what &apos;s really happening in the online world , they &apos;re attacking the attacks .
we have three main groups .
there are online criminals .
like the ukrainian city of kiev , ukraine is mr. dimitrov .
and it &apos;s not hard to understand the causes of online criminals to commit crime .
these guys make money .
they &apos;re using online attacks to make a lot , lots of money .
in fact , there are a lot of cases that earn money in online attacks , and there are many cases .
here is the estonia , vladimir dainov from venezuela .
this is alfred gonzalez .
this is stephen watt .
this is bjorn lomborg .
this is matthew anderson , and it goes on .
these guys make their wealth online , but they do it with illegal hustles , and they use things like the banking virus to steal the bank in order to steal the bank , or use the credit card information to buy our credit card information .
the u.s. secret service , two months ago , two months ago , the swiss swiss bank account for swiss bank account , and there was a million dollars in this bank account .
mr. jain is a poachers ; nobody knows where it is .
and i bet even today that any of us is a crime victim in the online online .
and clearly it &apos;s getting worse .
in the future , most crimes will be online .
the second largest group of aggressive attackers that we watch every day is not money .
their reason is something else -- the reasons for protest , the reasons for the reason .
groups such as anonymous have grown over the past 12 months , and have been a major place among online attacks .
so these are three main assailants : criminals who do money for money , like hackers , but the last group of people who do these attacks , governments , governments .
and we &apos;re looking at similar cases that are happening in sokoto .
this is the best example of what the government is attacking its own citizens .
a certificate institution in the netherlands -- more precisely , it was .
they were going bankrupt last fall because they were attacked .
you can go into systems and make it completely viral .
and last week at a meeting , i asked representatives of the dutch government , and i asked the dutch government , and i asked one of the leaders of the team that the attack on one of them was not guilty .
and you can answer the answer .
how would people die as a result of this attack ?
it &apos;s a certification institution .
they sell certificate .
what do you do ?
you need a license , if you have a server that has access to safe http access , you need a license .
now , we &apos;re all using one of our competitors , or a lot of our competitors , but we &apos;re using one of these things , especially in the totalitarian states , where these servers are using foreign channels like iran , because they know that the local government uses a lot more reliable .
but if you &apos;re going to go to a stranger , and you &apos;re going to go to a stranger .
they can &apos;t fake , they can .
and that &apos;s exactly what happens in the case of the bladder .
what about the arab spring and the events , for example ?
in egypt on april 15th , the rebels found the headquarters of the hidden police in the hidden police , and found a lot of paper .
and this was a file called &quot; rugovism . &quot;
and it had the ratings of a company in germany , and it was a vehicle that was sold to the egyptian government to prevent prevention -- and it was a huge amount of the country &apos;s citizens .
this instrument will not be sold to the egyptian government .
the company &apos;s centers are right here .
so western governments are providing these tools for the totalitarian states to use their own citizens .
but western governments do it themselves .
in germany , for example , a few weeks ago , a few weeks ago in germany , the so-called horse virus had been found by german government officials to study their own citizens .
if you &apos;re in a public case , we know that you can &apos;t get your phone .
but today , the situation has gone beyond this .
they &apos;ll follow the internet .
they &apos;re going to use the tools that they &apos;re going to use to get your computer , which will allow them to look at them , listen online online , listen to our online online .
now , when we think about things like this , we need to take the obvious answer : &quot; okay , it sounds bad , but it doesn &apos;t affect me because it doesn &apos;t affect me .
why do you care ?
because i don &apos;t have anything to hide . &quot;
and this is meaningless .
we &apos;re talking about the title .
privacy is not clear .
it &apos;s not a question of privacy .
this is the question of freedom versus freedom .
and right now , every rights that we can &apos;t trust in 2011 can be taken forever forever .
and we &apos;re counting on a future government , we &apos;re not sure that we &apos;re going to have 50 years after that .
here &apos;s the question for the next 50 years .
this may sound interesting , but i love concrete blocks .
the first concrete blocks were done in the &apos; 70s . the idea was simple : the idea is that they &apos;re going to connect with each other ; they &apos;re made in a fixed form .
concrete blocks have become the most used material in the world soon .
they allowed us to do big things like building bridges .
concrete blocks have basically become a building stone .
almost a hundred years later , lego emerged with this .
they said , &quot; you &apos;re going to be able to connect this . &quot;
and at the end of the year , lego bricks found themselves everywhere .
according to estimates , the 400 billion bricks have been made so far -- 75 bricks per person in the world .
you don &apos;t have to be engineers to build bridges , bridges , buildings .
lego has made it accessible .
in essence , the concrete block of the cement block has made the world &apos;s structure a building .
this is the next revolution in bell labs , and the next building is the stone .
the transistor , a small plastic unit , is going to take us into a world where you can take it into a world where everything is embedded .
a transistor like the concrete block would allow you to do so much , very complicated circuits .
the fundamental difference was that the transistor was only for experts .
so i decided that our time would be just experts , so i decided to change this .
eight years ago , i started thinking about the power of engineers and designers at the media lab .
a few years ago , i started developing .
let me show you how they work .
every one of you is able to have electronics with their own self .
they have the functions of light , sound , motor and sensors .
the most amazing qualities are that they &apos;re not going to touch each other .
so it &apos;s wrong .
these blocks are colored with color .
green is the blue , blue , pink entrance , orange .
so you can make the blue that you have to do , and you can easily make bigger circuits .
you can make light green and make light .
you can put a button on them and make a light light .
you can change the button by a blow of a coup , and you can burn the light here .
you can go a little further and make a noise machine .
i &apos;ll stop here .
and in this simple game , it &apos;s really powerful .
it allows you to be able to connect your dreams with simple gestures , rather than the ones that you have .
it &apos;s just the ability to slow down this button to slow down and slow it , so it &apos;s faster or slower .
the idea behind that is a growing library .
we want to make every interaction in the world ready to be ready .
the lights , the sounds , the solar panels , the motors , everything has to be accessible .
we &apos;re watching kids playing with them .
this is a wonderful experience .
and the most amazing thing is that they start to understand what &apos;s inside them , in school .
for example , they understand how it works at night , or how open a elevator door is , or how it responds to the ipod .
we &apos;re going to go to the design schools .
for example , the designers that have nothing to do with your boss are starting to play with a material like this .
here , we &apos;re seeing a membrane and a paper that we can see .
we took him a few weeks ago , and we gave them some designers who didn &apos;t have engineering experience -- we said , &quot; do something . &quot;
you see a project that they do here , and it &apos;s a machine that works .
this is my favorite project .
he was a victim who was afraid of the dark darkness .
it &apos;s just a different material for those who don &apos;t .
we want everyone to be surprised .
so it &apos;s open source .
you can go to the web site and replace the design files .
we want to encourage the inventors , the creators , to encourage them , because the world we live on is this interactive world .
so let &apos;s start creating .
thank you .
