do you know how many choices you choose in a normal day ?
how many choices do you choose in a normal week ?
i &apos;ve done a research with more than 2,000 americans over the last time , and the average number of elections is normal in a normal day .
there &apos;s another study that &apos;s done recently with ceos , and they &apos;ve tracked around the ceo around the ceo for a week .
and that scientists simply recorded the time that they spent all the tasks that the ceos were doing when they decided to do all the tasks they were doing .
the average ceo found that there were about 1,000 jobs in the operating of a week .
each task of course was a lot of the lower ones .
50 per cent of the decisions were taken in nine minutes or less .
only 12 per cent of the decisions were taken within an hour or more .
think about your own experience .
how many of you are going into the 9th category , or in a one-hour category ?
what do you think you &apos;re doing when you do these elections ?
today , i want to talk about one of the biggest problemlerimizden in modern life , the problem of having a lot of choices .
i want to talk about this problem and possible solutions .
i &apos;m talking about the problem , and i &apos;m going to ask you to know , and i &apos;m going to want to know .
so when i asked a question , i was blind , and i was just going to get your hand off .
or , if i ask a question , i &apos;ll ask you to ask the answer .
my first question is , are you ready to talk about a lot of options ?
thank you .
at the university of stanford , at the university of stanford , it was a very distinguished süpermarkete , at least a very high-end place at the time .
it &apos;s a mağazaydı .
it was like going to go to the mağazaya .
250 different kinds of mustard and sirkeleri , more than 500 different kinds of berries and vegetables , more than 500 varieties of fruit and vegetables , and we were at the time .
when i was trying to go to this mağazaya , i once asked myself , how do i get nothing ?
this is olive oil .
there were 75 varieties of olive oil in more than 75 varieties , including those who were sold in a bir box .
i decided to visit the manager one day , and i asked him , &quot; do you really work to offer people so many options ? &quot;
he pointed to the cameras every day with buses and buses .
we decided to do a small experiment , and we chose to do it .
this is reçel reyonu .
there was a kind of reçelleri .
for için , we set up a small stand , close to the entrance of the store .
we put it up here in 40 or 24 , and we &apos;ve observed two things , one , the first one is , which is the case , and what &apos;s the case ?
there were more people left in 24 , and about 60 percent of the people were in the middle , and about 40 percent of them .
the other thing we see is , what kind of people are buying more ?
so we see exactly the opposite effect .
in 2007 , only 3 percent of the duranlardan bought it .
when we have 70 , 30 percent of you have bought a kavanoz .
if you do the calculation -- it &apos;s not about five times more people -- it &apos;s buying a lot of people .
it &apos;s probably a good chance to choose the almamayı almamayı , but it turns out that it &apos;s probably a good thing to do , but it also affects our decisions that have a lot of choices .
we choose to do elections , even if we have this .
now we &apos;re going to go today today : fiscal constraints .
we did a study we did with emir kamenica , emir kamenica and wei jang , all about a million americans in the united states , and we looked at the pension program in the u.s.
in a pension program , we looked at the number of people who were being offered more or less to pay for retirement , as the number of funds presented in the fund .
what we found is that there &apos;s a relationship between them .
the plan we have in front of us has offered people the option of 40 to 59 different funds .
we &apos;ve seen that there are more options for participation , which is less than turnout .
if you look at the very far situation -- it &apos;s about 40 percent of the project options , which is not as high as we want .
in the plans , which include about 60 euros , turnout is up to 60 per cent .
it turns out that even if you have decided to join it , then there &apos;s even more options .
in those who choose to participate , more people are far from the stock market and the free capital funds , as choices are more likely .
they &apos;re going to take their money on the other options , and take their money to bank accounts .
none of the current elections in the left are the categories that we will recommend to improve the future financial situation of any of us .
in the last ten years , we &apos;ve seen three main negative results of the three main negative outcomes .
people don &apos;t even want to do their own interests , even if they don &apos;t want to vote .
worse fiscal choices , medical choices , are worse .
even if they make better choices , they make less choices that satisfy themselves .
the fundamental reason is that we may be like to watch the dev , mustard , sirke , reçel , but we can &apos;t do their calculations , and we can &apos;t do that , and we can go and do something .
the four simple technical solutions i &apos;d like to propose today are that we can use these in different ways of research in different ways .
the first one is : azaltın .
you &apos;ve heard about it before , but it never was so meaningful today , &quot; less , better . &quot;
when i say &quot; azaltın , &quot; people are always laughing .
they worry about losing the shelf shelf .
but what we actually see is that when you prefer to reduce the reduction , you &apos;re not going to be able to get out of options , the sales are going down , the costs go down , and the choices are getting better .
proctor &amp; amp ; gamble has been a 10 per cent increase in the production of a 10 per cent increase in head &amp; amp ; gamble .
the golden diamond corporation , at least 10 per cent of the 10 cats of kedi sand , has increased by a 70 per cent increase .
today , a supermarket offers you the average product .
it offers you a product of products today .
but today , the world &apos;s largest -- it &apos;s taken only a kind of salça product , and only one kind of salça .
and we saw one of the best examples of the financial viability , david laibson , the harvard , who gave the choices for the best of the choices that they used at harvard .
now every working institution at harvard is automatically able to apply a living fund .
the choice itself is 20 choices for those who want to do it , not 300 or more .
you know , people say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to fix .
they &apos;re all very important options .
what i first did was to ask employees , &quot; what is the difference between the two others ?
if you can &apos;t make them separate from each other , they &apos;re already going to die . &quot;
so before the afternoon , we had a conversation with gary .
he said that the audience here wanted to give the audience a gift to the world &apos;s most beautiful .
this is the recipe of the road .
i want you to see .
i &apos;m going to give you a few seconds after you accept the suggestion of gary .
and who is it accepting ?
is it all that ?
so let me show you a little more .
i don &apos;t think it &apos;s a number one .
now , who wants to go to this trip ?
i think this time i heard more .
okay .
now , in fact , the first time we &apos;re going to get more information in the first time , but my guess is that i &apos;m going to show you more real .
because the images felt more like this .
and this brings me to a lot of options , and it brings me a lot of options , so it &apos;s somutlaştırma .
people need to understand the results of each option , to understand the differences of the choices , and to see how the outcome is alive .
why do people spend 15 to 30 per cent more money instead of cash card or atms ?
because it doesn &apos;t sound like money .
so , in fact , it could be an effective way to get people to do more .
and they &apos;re all in the lab , and they &apos;re all in 3d , and they &apos;re all in the lab , and they &apos;re all in the lab , and they &apos;re not able to register the 401 plan in a session .
we &apos;ve done everything in this session , just adding something .
what we did was we asked people to think about all the good things that would happen if they were saving money .
by doing this simple thing , the participants will be able to increase their participation by about 20 percent more than they can do .
third technique : separated into categories .
instead of the options , they &apos;re better than they can do .
so here &apos;s a study that we &apos;ve done here in the magazine .
do you know what the amerikanın süpermarketlerinde magazine in the north of america biliyor , but do you know what happens ?
it looks like 600 to 400 categories and a better choice for 400 400 to 400 categories and a better choice , as well as 400 400 to 400 .
because the categories tell me how to fix them .
there are two different görüntüsü .
one is called &quot; jazz . &quot;
if the picture on the left , the one on the right , is the jazz .
so , a few .
if you &apos;re on the left , the jazz on the left , you &apos;re going to die .
well , a little more .
it &apos;s true .
you know the jazz on the left , but you know what ?
this is a very unnecessary form of kindness .
they &apos;re not going to be able to do things that they can do , not to make choices .
we see this problem on the long list of funds .
are they preparing for some information ?
fourth commandment : preparation to prepare .
it turns out that we &apos;re just going to take a little bit more information , just by taking a little bit of it .
the difficulty is level levels .
let me give you an example .
take a very complicated choice : search .
here &apos;s a german manufacturer , a german manufacturer offering you an opportunity to design the car .
you make your own car with 60 different choices .
in each of these decisions , the number of options presented to you is different .
the color of the car is you have 56 options .
the engine is four choices .
now , i &apos;m going to do that , and i &apos;m going to take the order of these decisions .
half of the customers will choose one of 56 members of the 56 mixed .
the other half of the customers , the other half of the customers , will go to a lot of options , 56 to 56 color .
what do i look like ?
how much you are .
if you don &apos;t choose the probability option , you can say that you can &apos;t see you .
what you &apos;re finding is that when you go to the very few options , people tend to choose the choice option .
we lose them .
so when you go to the very few options , you don &apos;t know the stuff .
same information , the same number of options .
what i do is change the sequence of the knowledge of information .
you &apos;re learning to decide .
the wheel doesn &apos;t tell me how to do the inner workings of the car , but i &apos;m preparing to choose me .
i &apos;m excited about this big product that i &apos;ve created , and i &apos;m not going to be ashamed of my work .
özetlersem .
so to address a lot of options , i &apos;ve talked about four teknikten -- atın -- take the extra options -- the fact that you &apos;re not going to be able to get into the categories -- you &apos;re going to be able to get into categories that are more easily than the option -- you &apos;re going to be able to get into categories .
all these techniques that i &apos;m describing today are designed to lead your brain -- you can use it for you , you can use it better , you can use it for you .
because i think we need to choose to choose to choose the best outcome of a choice .
we &apos;re more successful in choosing selective selection of selective selection .
thank you very much .
hi , i &apos;m kevin allocca , and i &apos;m watching a trend on youtube , and i &apos;m watching youtube videos .
that &apos;s true .
we &apos;re going to talk a little bit about how the virus spread today and why it &apos;s important .
we all want to be stars -- famous , singer , dj -- and i &apos;m a young , but it looks very hard to do .
but the internet has made it so that any of us or any creative thing we do is truly famous in a part of our world .
in the next saturday , one of you may be famous on the internet .
but every minute you have video videos on youtube , where you spend more than 48 hours .
and they can just spread out a very small percentage of them , and it &apos;s becoming a cultural moment .
so how does this happen ?
three things : trend trends , accession communities and beklenmezlik .
okay , let &apos;s start .
oh , my god , my god .
oh my god !
vaay !
vaaayyyy !
last year , he sent this video , which he performed outside the national parkındaki of the national parkındaki .
in 2010 , it was watched for 23 million times .
this is a picture of how i was popular for the first time in this summer .
but it &apos;s actually not designed to spread this video .
he just wanted to share a gökkuşağını .
because the yosemite mountain mountain , you do that .
and in fact , a lot of the video clips are being produced .
and this video is actually what happened in last january .
it was actually jimmy kimmel .
so jimmy kimmel took the video as popular as it could be popular .
because the trend of the trend , like jimmy kimmel , is to connect us with new and interesting things and make them larger .
today , friday , friday . we &apos;re going to take action friday . everybody waiting for four eyes , and we &apos;re going to be able to do that , we &apos;re going to talk about friday , we &apos;re going to talk about this friday .
rebecca black &apos;s song &quot; friday &apos;s &quot; is one of the most popular singers of the year .
this year , almost 200 million times were watched .
this is a picture of how we can do it .
as it was in the &quot; double rainbow &quot; video , it seemed like a sudden .
so what happened that day ?
that day , that &apos;s true .
and if you &apos;re interested in this , they &apos;re on friday .
what about that day , what happened on friday ?
he took her , and she got a lot of blogs .
michael w. nelson was one of the first time in science science that was a joke on twitter .
but what &apos;s important is they set out a glimpse of the trends in individual or group trends , and they shared the process by accelerating the process .
and so they created a community that was made up of people who shared their big differences , and they started to talk about it and do something with it .
and now we have about 10,000 of the &quot; friday &quot; on youtube .
even in the first seven days , there was a parodi for other days .
unlike the only one-way eğlencesinin in the 20th century , this society shows how we are part of this phenomenon -- or by doing something with it or with it .
&quot; cat cat &quot; is a single animation that is a single piece of music .
that &apos;s exactly how it is .
this year , almost 50 million people were watched .
and if you think that &apos;s weird , you know that there &apos;s three hours of a versiyonu version of this .
even cats were watching this video .
the cats were watching the video that followed this video .
but what &apos;s important here is that this technician , the computer , has been inspired by the internet culture .
there was a remixleri .
somebody made a version of the old time .
and then it became international .
it &apos;s a big remix community that makes it just a stupid joke , and it &apos;s a big remix community that can really be part of it .
because we &apos;re not just going to do it anymore , we agree .
and who could imagine that ?
who could either say &quot; double rainbow &quot; or rebecca black ?
what scenarios are you going to do ?
in a world where two days of the video have been published on two days , it &apos;s just a unique and unexpected thing to do in the way that these things do .
when a friend of mine told me that a man who protested the bike sentences in new york city , i should admit that i should admit that it &apos;s too much .
we have a biletim for the bicycle , but most of the time , there are obstacles that don &apos;t really like to be properly able to make a bike .
it &apos;s completely astonishing and funny , casey niestat , and he &apos;s going to spend seven million times in the world .
and this new approach applies to every new thing we do in a creative way .
and all of this brings us to a big question .
what does that mean ?
it &apos;s ahhh .
what does that mean ?
the trend trends , creative participatory communities , all the new kinds of media and new kinds of culture that everybody can reach , and the audience is defined by the characteristics and the audience of the audience .
i mean , as i mentioned earlier , justin bieber , one of the largest starlarından in the world , has made his debut at youtube .
no one has to burn green light .
and we &apos;re all familiar with our own pop culture .
and these are not the characteristic characteristics of the old media , and today they &apos;re almost not valid for today &apos;s media , but the entertainment concept of the future is going to change .
thank you .
how can i tell you how to stem the old girl &apos;s relationship with a little girl , a little girl , a little girl in this little girl &apos;s life over the past 30 days , with a little girl and her mother , who had a little girl in a small ship in san francisco , a little girl , and i would never tell you about that little girl who had been doing a speech in san francisco ?
it &apos;s not a finished story .
this is a yapboz that we still put together .
let me tell you some of these pieces .
imagine the first song : a man burning the job of his life .
he was a poet , a playwright , a man who was a man of his country hoping for his entire life and freedom .
imagine it as a komunist that went to a , which was a complete waste of life .
the words , longtime friends , are now crying with him .
he was buried .
he died because of the history of history .
he was my grandfather .
i had no chance to recognize it .
but our lives are much more than our lives .
my grandmother never allowed her to live .
my mission is not to let him go , and the lesson that we need to do is to say , &quot; yes , history tried to destroy us , but we have tried to put a breast on this .
the other part of the yapbozun is that dawn has been kept on the horizon in the middle of nowhere .
my mother was 18 years old , when he was born , his father was 18 years old , and the two daughters were born and brought two girls to the world .
for him , life was one of the only one suspended : a new life of life and a new life in australia .
it &apos;s not a mind for him to have a başaramayacak .
after four years of efsaneden , a gemi ship opened on the sea .
all adults are in the midst of risks .
the biggest fear hackers , rape and rape .
like a lot of adults , my mom was a little bottle of poison .
my sister , my sister and i , and i was a grandmother .
when i spent my first time on the ship , the constant rhythm of the engine -- the constant rhythm of the engine , the uçsuz , the infinite horizon .
i don &apos;t remember a lot of times , but i didn &apos;t remember that the guys who were beaten by the gemideki were the hackers or the engine , and they didn &apos;t work for six hours .
i remember the young man of the oil tower in the gulf of malaysia , and i remember a young man who died in the sea , the journey ended , and i remember the first bottle i ate , the men who were adamlar .
it &apos;s the taste of the smell .
after three months of refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
the other part of the yapbozun is about four women , and the three women are about creating a new life .
, was a sınıfı worker , a worker of tabakasından immigrants .
unlike the yerleşik middle class , which i was aware of the existence , there was no right to be right in de .
the kokular of the shops were coming from the rest of the world .
and in the english words , the word &quot; pat pat &quot; was the exchange of exchange between the people and the people .
my mother worked with my mom , and then six , a couple of vardiyalı car crashes .
he had a time to work in english , and he gained a degree in information technology .
it &apos;s fakirdik .
all of the dollars were put aside , and if they were missing to the things that were missing , they would not be able to apply to the curriculum and the math classes , and they were always in the second hand .
it &apos;s two double shoes that are trying to hide the delikleri holes in school .
it &apos;s a school that &apos;s gone up until the bileklere , because it &apos;s six years .
and it &apos;s very rarely , &quot; çekik , gözlü , &quot; and there were graffiti books , &quot; go home . &quot;
home home ?
you can &apos;t say anything .
there was a decision , and it was like , &quot; i &apos;m going to ignore you . &quot;
my mom , my sister and i were in the same bed .
my mother would be very tired every night , but still tell each other how to cross the way we live , my grandmother was in the house .
my mom was going to talk about the ship in the night .
and my job was to wake up to see if he was awake .
he opened a computer shop , and he was trained to become a beauty specialist , and he created another .
and women also brought their stories to their stories , and they were angry and stubborn among men who were angry and stubborn because they wanted to adapt .
aid and sponsors are arandı .
the centres were established .
i lived in parallel worlds .
in one of them , i was a bir student who was ruthless in the kendinden .
he was connected to the ağına network , where he left his vahşetin , uyuşturucunun , drugs and dışlanmanın .
but over the years , most of them were helped .
and thanks to that , the law of law is called the young age of the year .
and you can move from a piece to another , and the parts of the parts are intertwined .
i̇simsiz footscray was invited to the homes where he had never heard of his name , who had never heard of the name of refugees and the social activist , who had never heard of his name before .
i didn &apos;t know the protocols .
i didn &apos;t know how to use knives .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about wine .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
i wanted to return to a unknown banliyödeki , and i wanted to return to my life , almost 20 years ago , when a grandmother , a grandmother and a grandmother , told each other how to live in the same bed .
i told my mother that i could do that .
he reminded me that i was the same age when i was in the ship .
&quot; no &quot; has never been a choice .
&quot; just do it . &quot; &quot; and it &apos;s like someone else . &quot;
so i &apos;ve made it clear that young people can &apos;t afford education and education and their rights .
and i was asked to speak more , more and more .
i met people from all walks , most of them were doing what they loved , and they had a life full of them .
and even though i finished school degrees , i noticed a career in the field of law .
it had to be another part of the yapbozun .
and i also realized that being foreign is a good thing to be , and it &apos;s a good thing to get on stage , and it &apos;s not just a good thing , but it &apos;s also a gift that &apos;s going to be a gift from the ship .
because one of the things that can mean to be one of the things that you can easily do is to reduce your ability to get into your expertise .
i went out to know that i went out to know that the world was separated , but not in the way it was .
the ihtimaller will not be seen in an unusual way .
there was a energy that was there , a iyimselik iyimselik , a strange mixture of tevazu .
and i followed the internal güdülerimi .
i &apos;ve created a small team of teams , a small team of takım , which is konulamaz .
we &apos;ve never paid money for a year .
at the end of every day , i made a whole kase soup that we all shared .
they &apos;re not going to sleep late every night .
most of our ideas are çılgıncaydı , but a little bit of it , and we &apos;ve made a big deal .
after a single one , the u.s.
i decided .
i heard again .
three months later , the taşınmıştım and adventure continued .
let me tell you before i finish .
it was growing as the social norms and the person was growing .
life is not sustainable .
his father died shortly after his birth .
her mother couldn &apos;t get him alone .
she became the second wife of a 17-year-old mandarin , her mother &apos;s mother .
because he had never received support from the tribunal , he brought him to court and created a stir in his own case , and created a bigger scandal .
it turns out it &apos;s wrong .
i was at the hotel in sydney , about 200 miles away , and i was sleeping at a hotel in sydney .
i saw him walking out on the other side .
i knew she came to love .
and the minutes later my mother phoned .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist monastery in deki , and we sat around the çevresine .
we told stories , and we asked him to make sure he was still together with us .
at midnight , he said he had to come up and shut down the tabutu .
my mom asked her to take his hand .
&quot; why the rest is so hot that the rest is so hot ? &quot; he asked .
he said , &quot; because you &apos;ve been holding your shoes . &quot;
&quot; let me go . &quot;
if you have a energy , these women make transition .
because we know who we are and we know how life is going to be us , our lives are not going to stop us anymore .
it &apos;s very easy .
now i want to be my own children and i think of the ship .
who wants this thing for children ?
still , i am afraid of the yardımdan , the serbestlikten , the aid .
can i make every calorie in their lives , and can i give a broad spectrum that doesn &apos;t make any sense of the engine , and can i give a broad spectrum that doesn &apos;t guarantee anything ?
i don &apos;t know .
but i did that , and i was going to be safe , and i did .
and also , the mother &apos;s mother is in the fourth or fifth .
i &apos;m here to share with you .
so is this photography ?
because , of course , this photo is not a photograph of the camera .
and yet , my interest in fotoğrafçılığa started when i was 15 years old .
the previous passion of art , which i had , was a little bit different , but it was a little different because it was the process of using the machine machine .
and if you can photograph a photo camera , the process is going to end .
and for me , photography is better than being in the right place .
i thought it could do it all .
so i wanted to create something different , something that the process of the process started in .
photos like this : construction work on a busy road .
but it has a unexpected game .
and yet , there &apos;s a reality of reality .
or the photos like this -- both dark and colorful , but the common goal of combining the level of realism .
and so , when you say , i mean , i mean , i mean , i mean , i mean , i &apos;m going to talk about simplicity .
because , of course , that &apos;s not really something that i &apos;m really excited about , but i &apos;d like to always look like this .
these are the photos that you need to think about to solve the hileyi .
so it &apos;s really about capturing a moment with a moment .
so what &apos;s the trick that makes it look real ?
is it something about the color or the color ?
is it something about the işıkla ?
what creates the i̇llüzyonu ?
sometimes it creates the illusion of perspektiftir .
but at the end , everything is about how we can change the world and how we can look at the two-dimensional surface .
it &apos;s not really what we think is really , really realistic .
so i think it &apos;s very simple .
i see this as a yap-boz that we put together to take different parts of reality and create another reality .
let me show you a simple example .
there are three wonderful physical objects that are able to be able to be able to live in a three-dimensional world .
but when it comes to a certain way , it &apos;s still a three-dimensional thing , and it &apos;s like a varolabilirmiş .
but we also know that it doesn &apos;t exist .
i mean , it doesn &apos;t matter because our brains don &apos;t really accept the fact that it doesn &apos;t make sense .
and i also see the same process going to take pictures .
this is actually about different gerçeklikleri .
so what makes a picture realistic , i think , is something that i don &apos;t think about , what we &apos;re going to do with our daily lives .
but it &apos;s really important to think , it &apos;s really important to think , because otherwise it &apos;s wrong .
what i want to say is that there are three simple rules to be followed to get realistic results .
you see , there &apos;s no special part of these pictures .
but they &apos;re creating something like this .
so the first rule should be the perspective of the photographs .
secondly , the lights of the photographs have to be the same species .
and in these two images , there are two conditions -- the same in the same atmosphere and the same light .
and the third is that , in the way that you can &apos;t get a place where you &apos;re not going to be able to do , where you &apos;re going to get different pictures , where you &apos;re going to get different pictures .
it &apos;s impossible to make sense that the picture is united .
in the boundaries between different images , the color of color , the kontrastı and the parlaklığı , and we allow them to look at the boundaries of the space , and make it look like a single resimmiş , and it &apos;s just like a single single picture , even though it &apos;s only hundreds of layers of the surface .
here &apos;s another example .
people believe that this is the picture of a land and that the bottom side is the bottom side .
but in fact , this picture came in a whole , different place .
personally , i think it &apos;s easier to create a place , it &apos;s easier to find a place than to find a place , because that &apos;s how we have to give up to ideas .
but it requires a lot of planning .
and that idea was , i knew , a few months ago , when i was in the winter , looking for different places to design and basically form parts .
for example , the picture was taken into the official fish .
the sahiller is different .
six parts of the water were taken out of a rock .
and yes , i even turned the house at the top of the island to look for a more lifestyle .
so to get realistic results , i think it &apos;s because of planning .
it &apos;s always a draft , it starts with an idea .
then it &apos;s coming to connect different photographs .
and there &apos;s a whole bunch of planlandı .
and if you &apos;re taking photos , you &apos;re going to have a good job , and it &apos;s pretty , very realistic .
so we need all the equipment that we need , and the only thing that limits us is imagination .
thank you .
i want to talk to you about why many health projects fail .
and i think the most important thing is that we have stopped listening to patients .
and one of the things we did at the university of radboud was a listening authority .
it &apos;s not a very scientific way ; it &apos;s a little bit of tea and coffee , and the patients ask , &quot; how is it going ? &quot;
how can we help you ? &quot;
and we want to think that this is what we want to think , that &apos;s not all -- but most of the problems that have caused a lot of health care , but most of them have ever been able to listen .
this is my wifi . it &apos;s very simple .
there &apos;s one button , open / closed .
and every morning , i stand on top of it .
and yes , i have a goal , as you can see .
and my goal is to be 95 kilos .
but it &apos;s so easy to do , and when you put it on top of the google google , you &apos;re going to get to google .
it &apos;s also taking the data , so it turns out that i have a problem with weight , and it &apos;s not in the moment that i need a lot of weight or something , but it &apos;s not looking at the past .
but there &apos;s something else .
as some of you know , i have more than 4,000 people on twitter .
every morning , i &apos;m going to come up with my wifi , and i &apos;m more arabama , people start talking with me , &quot; i think we have to eat a light lunch today , &quot; he said .
but the most subtle behavior that can happen is because this fellow pressure used to help patients in the old patients -- that obesity could be used to stop smoking .
but on the other hand , it can be used to create a kind of game that can be used to remove the people and get more control over their health .
starting next week , it will be ready to use it .
it &apos;s going to be a little bit of this little tansiyon device that goes to the iphone or a similar thing .
and people , from their own home , from their own home , to the doktorlarına , and eventually with others , for example , could be paid for a hundred dollars .
and at this point , patients will be able to take care of the position and just win their own ship , but they &apos;re also going to help us in health insurance , as well as health insurance , as a result of problems and problems like this .
start with techniques that are easy to use , and start with this in the team .
and you can do that , but you can do the mass of mass .
i want to share one of the things that we do with a short video .
we all have navigation control in the car .
there &apos;s maybe a cell phone .
we know the location of all the atms in the city of the maastricht .
another thing we know is where the gas stations are .
and of course , we can find fast food .
but where could it be the closest to help this patient ?
we asked people , but nobody knew .
he didn &apos;t know where the nearest life of life that we had now had to be found .
so we did all the netherlands .
we set up a website , and we wanted to ask , &quot; if you see a aed , please call it , tell me where it is , where is it open , you know ?
and in the netherlands , there were more than 10,000 people in the netherlands already .
the next step we took was to find applications for him .
we did an ipad app .
we &apos;ve made a practice for augmented reality , layar , to find these leri .
like the maastricht , and one of them , you can use your iphone , you can use your iphone , and you can find microsoft cell phone in a few weeks , you can find the closest aed aed .
so from today , we want to promote this to you , not just as olarak , but that &apos;s the product of the product , but it &apos;s also . .
we want to launch this worldwide .
we want the world all around the world to help us to act like a mass of aed , work and work in order to create all these aed in the world .
whenever you go , and one of them can be your own , or only one of your neighbors , you can find that .
another thing we want is companies in all around the world that can help the leri .
it might be the people who do the services or the cable business , just to see where the aed is still in place , and to see if it &apos;s still in the place .
please help us on this , and just to make health a little better , but to win control .
thank you .
i &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries today .
i work in the solar technology industry .
and the little start is to find ways to get ourselves into the environment and to find that .
it &apos;s going to do that by taking the mass of mass .
this is a short video of what we do .
wait for a minute .
it can take a little time .
in fact -- i can &apos;t -- you can &apos;t read the video ; it &apos;s instead ...
no .
but that &apos;s ...
okay .
solar technology ...
ah , is it my time ?
okay . thank you very much .
i started a program in a few years ago that i started working on a program that would allow people in the field of bright technology and design to be able to act in an environment that is expected to hate almost hate .
this is the name of the program for america , and it &apos;s a little bit like a technology of technology .
we pick a couple of friends every year , and we &apos;re helping them work together .
we send them to the third world , we send them into the city hall .
and they create great practices with municipal employees .
but what they &apos;re doing is what they &apos;re doing today with technology .
it &apos;s a conversation with al .
al boston : a fire hydrant in the city of boston
here it looks like a flört , but it &apos;s actually one of the thousands of snow that he &apos;s looking for , because al knows that he &apos;s not going to have a lot of impact on the fire in the snow , because he &apos;s not going to be able to fight the snow .
now , how did it come to the point of searching this very unique way ?
last year we had a team working for the american programme for america .
february oradalardı and last february , snow was profitable
and they realized that the mayor never knew that this fire was going to happen .
but especially a friend , a guy named erik michaels-ober , had another thing , which is that the citizens are going to be able to put their kaldırımları on the front of this fire hydrant .
so he did a good computer , he wrote a practice .
this is a little bit of a uygulama app that &apos;s been adopted in a fire hydrant .
so when you &apos;re in the snow , you have accepted that you &apos;re going to be able to fill this faucet .
if you do that , you &apos;re right to put its name , and then erik gave the first fire fire call .
if you can , someone can steal it from you .
there &apos;s a cute little game dynamics within this app .
this is a modest uygulama app .
this is probably the smallest of the 21st practice that friends wrote last year .
but this practice is doing something that no institutional technology can do .
it &apos;s spreading online .
a person working in the municipality of belediyesi is seeing this practice , and it &apos;s not for the city residents , but it turns out that the city residents can learn to adopt the tsunami .
this is a very important thing to do with the tsunami of tsunami , but people are playing bataryalarını .
so this guy has enabled residents to control the sirenleri of the city residents .
and then the seattle decided to use this app , to ensure that the city residents had broken off their arteries .
chicago has implemented this practice yet , so that the residents are being registered to clean down snow .
we know the nine other cities that plan to use this practice .
it &apos;s spread as natural and organic without controversy .
if you know anything about the technologies of the institutions , you know that things are not going to be like that .
the financing of a software typically takes a few years .
last year , a team of people worked in a project that took about 40 months in boston .
this was a way to help us decide which state school is suitable for children .
and then he told us that this project would cost at least two years and two million dollars and two million dollars .
and that &apos;s nothing .
now there &apos;s a project on california court systems , which cost a lot of $ 5m , and it didn &apos;t work .
and the projects like this are all of the state institutions .
so a few days after that , this app spread through the internet is like a kind of warning of the yerleşmiş tradition of institutions .
it &apos;s not like a lot of people , like many of the people who have shown how to better improve institutions .
it &apos;s not like technology , but it &apos;s more like the internet itself .
that means that we need to say that this is a very productive word .
and that &apos;s very important .
what &apos;s more important about this app is that this generation of new generation takes care of the problems of institutions -- not the problem of kemikleşmiş institutional tradition , but as a problem of common institutional tradition .
this is a very good news because it turns out we &apos;re very good at working with digital technology .
now a very large group of people are developing the tools that are necessary for efficient çalışabilmemiz .
not only for friends in america , but hundreds of people from all over the country can create urban applications for their own communities .
they were able to pull out their institutions .
they were , of course , disappointed , but they don &apos;t complain , they don &apos;t .
and these guys know something about our vision .
and that is , when we &apos;re going to talk about all the other things that are going on in politics , the lines that go to the institutions and the other things that really get us out of fear , tim o &apos;s deyişi , &quot; we can share things together together . &quot;
many people cut away from institutions .
and if you &apos;re one of those people , i want you to rethink , because something changes .
politics is changing ; institutions are changing .
the institutions are basically taking power from us -- remember , &quot; what are we humans ? &quot; how we think about our institutions .
i didn &apos;t know a lot about the institutions that we could program .
and like many people , i think institutions are fundamentally related to the authorities .
i have reached the conclusion two years later , especially when local governments are concerned about it .
this is an information and an advisory hotline call center .
it &apos;s usually where you get the service number number number three .
if you have a chance to work at any point in the center of the call , scott silverman &apos;s program -- in fact , the whole team has done this -- and you can understand that there &apos;s a very broad problem with the people that can be able to do that in their homes .
scott &apos;s call .
the official information base is &quot; sıçan sıçan . &quot;
it &apos;s not going to happen . it &apos;s going to start with animal control .
and finally , &quot; look , can you open all the doors of your house and try and find out that that thing is going to come out loud , and you can &apos;t get it out ? &quot;
and this worked . scott .
but it wasn &apos;t the end of the keseli .
boston is not just a call center .
there &apos;s a practice , the web and a mobile app , called &quot; the connections of citizens . &quot;
that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing .
it &apos;s a work from the new urban mekanikler office in boston .
one day -- a real report -- this is what happened : &quot; i don &apos;t know if you &apos;re dead . i don &apos;t know if you &apos;re dead .
how do you get it from here ? &quot;
it &apos;s a little bit different with the connections of the citizens .
scott was talking to the person directly .
but it &apos;s all about citizens , so everybody can see it .
and in this case , it saw a neighbor .
the next report we got was saying , &quot; i walked out of this mevkiiye , i found garbage behind the house .
? sıçan ? control . does it live ? yes .
i walked in the trash . i walked home .
the good night is sıçan . &quot;
it &apos;s pretty simple .
this is great . this is the conversation with the physical life .
and it &apos;s also a good example of the beginning of the establishment of some of the institutions .
it &apos;s a good example of how institutions become a platform .
i don &apos;t mean the concept of technological meaning .
i &apos;m talking about a platformdan that people are setting up to help them and others .
a citizen helped another citizen , and institutions played a key role here .
it brought two people together .
if they had their needs , they would also meet with institutional services , but it &apos;s a better and cheaper alternative than the institutional hierarchy .
when you help the other one , we have our society .
if you harvest the animal control unit , it costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things we need to think about institutions is that politics is not the same thing .
many people understand this , but they see one other as a girdisi .
we &apos;re also the ones that we use in our institutions system .
how many times we chose a political leader -- and sometimes we spent a lot of time to choose a new political leader , and then we sat down , and then we were waiting for the institutions to do so , and certainly not a lot of changes , and certainly not very much change .
this is a huge ocean , which is a huge ocean , and politics is the top surface of his 20 birthday .
and that &apos;s what we call the altındakine of the surface .
we &apos;re telling this word how to hate this word .
and it turns out that we &apos;re going to do something that we &apos;ve got , that we pay for what we pay , and that &apos;s the other thing , and then we get ourselves away .
people seem to think politics is attractive .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make the bureaucracy attractive .
because it &apos;s where state institutions are doing real work .
they can connect the mechanisms of state institutions .
and this is what the hareketinin movement does .
did you see these friends ?
a group of citizens wrote a bir report , saying the sec financial reform was a response to the recommendation of the sec financial reform bill .
it &apos;s not politically active , it &apos;s active .
now , it &apos;s time for us to leave ourselves with our kids who have lost hope from state institutions .
we need to see that very big zorluklarını .
do we really believe that we &apos;re going to be able to move this institution that we &apos;re going to be able to get to that point that we need to get in ?
we can &apos;t do it without institutions , but we need the institutions to be more effective .
the good news is that technology is making the functions of the state institutions fundamentally to make it a way to build civil society by strengthening the function of civil society .
there &apos;s a generation of people out there who grew up outside the internet , and they &apos;re so hard to do something together , just to design systems .
the average age of our friends is 28 , and i &apos;m a nesil , almost a generation of them .
this new generation is very keen to get their own voice .
they don &apos;t want to talk about who they &apos;re giving -- they &apos;re all talking .
they &apos;re all about their thoughts , they &apos;re always , and they &apos;re doing it .
so when they encounter a problem with state institutions , they don &apos;t really want to get the voice .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write applications that will enable the state institutions to work better .
and these practices allow us to use our hands to make our hands better .
this is a fire hydrant , cleaning the wild geese , cleaning up a garbage box that &apos;s inside of it .
well , we may have been able to get rid of that fire , so many people do it .
however , these practices are only the consumers , when the state institutions pay taxes and serve consumers who serve as tax fees .
it &apos;s more than that , we &apos;re vatandaşlarız .
and if you don &apos;t understand the concept of citizenship , you can &apos;t fix state institutions .
so the question for everybody here is : what is we supposed to do together , together with the big , important things , we &apos;re going to be just going to get voices , or we &apos;re also going to be the crowd crowd ?
thank you .
i often think about how wonderful the new technologies are , and i &apos;m going to tell you what i &apos;m really thinking about , and i &apos;m going to tell you about this technology that looks very quickly , so i &apos;m going to start with this technological slide that looks really boring .
so , if you can see the slide on it ...
this is a slide slide in the dosyamdan .
i want to show you the general shape of her , rather than her .
this is a slide of some of the analizlere of the local networks that we do about the power of the local networks .
what &apos;s interesting about this slide is that there &apos;s a sort of düz curve on the curve , as we have a lot of technology that we &apos;re comfortable with .
in other words , every single step here is a scale of magnitude scale .
and this is something that we &apos;re talking about when we talk about the technology on logarithmic curves .
there &apos;s really a lot of weird stuff here .
and what i &apos;m going to talk about is basically this .
if you &apos;re going to see the lights ...
i &apos;m going to make the lights a little bit more , because i &apos;m going to use a piece of paper here .
now , why are we going to call it the logarithmic curves of technology ?
so the answer is , if we &apos;re going to see this on a normal curve , let &apos;s say that this is a kind of saçma and a saçma graph , which is a kind of saçma graph of technology .
this is how it goes .
and they can &apos;t tell us a lot of things .
now , for example , let &apos;s call a different tekonolojinin , which means that transportation technology is a straight line on the horizontal curve .
but when something happens , these are statistically changing .
so , if transportation technology is going fast as fast as the micro processor technology , i could go to the taxi and go in tokyo 30 seconds .
but that &apos;s how we &apos;re not going to .
in the history of technological development , it &apos;s not seen to be able to grow in every few years , and it &apos;s not seen that it &apos;s going to grow .
now , what i want to ask you is that if you look at this üssel , they don &apos;t keep going forever .
maybe they &apos;re as fast as they are .
there will be two things .
it &apos;s a completely different kind of s-eğrisine , or it &apos;s going to be like this .
that &apos;s all possible .
as an optimist , i think it &apos;s probably going to be like this .
if so , this is what happens in the middle of what we &apos;re now at the center of the center .
that &apos;s what a line that the world used to be in a new situation where the world used to be .
so what i &apos;m trying to ask is what this new shape of the world that i &apos;m trying to ask myself is .
what is the new situation in the world ?
because the change is very , very confusing .
when i was growing up as a child growing up , it was something like 2,000 senesi , and people were talking about what happened in 2000 .
here &apos;s a conference where people talk about the future , and as you &apos;ll notice , it &apos;s still around 2,000 years .
it &apos;s almost uzaklık distance .
so in other words , it &apos;s almost as if every life is going to grow every year for a year .
i think the reason is because we &apos;re all feeling that there &apos;s something there .
this transition is happening . we all do it .
and we know that over 30 years , it doesn &apos;t make much meaning to design 50 years , because everything will be so different , and it doesn &apos;t mean that we &apos;re doing it .
what i &apos;d like to talk about is what this change is going through .
i &apos;m going to have to talk about a couple of things that have nothing to do with technology or computers .
i think the only way we can do this is to pull it back and make it a long time .
i want to look at this in the world of life .
and i think when you look at this a few billion years , the picture begins to gain meaning .
if you go back to two and a half billion years , the world is the inefficient , big rock part of a lot of kimyasalın .
so if we look at how these chemicals are organized , we &apos;re going to start to think about how they do it .
but i think there are some theories that start to understand how this is going on with rna , but first of all , i &apos;m going to tell you a little bit of a hikaye story that &apos;s all around them , and there &apos;s a little bit of yağ around them .
and some of these fat grains are a special chemical kombinasyon that allows them to take chemicals from outside .
and the way that happened in this way was to split .
this little fat damlacıkları is the most primitive cell cell in a sense .
it &apos;s literally not true in the present sense of this oil industry today , because each of them is tesadüfi chemical formüldü .
and each of them is the equivalent of chemicals that are not equal to their own .
so each drop was a little different .
in fact , in a way that &apos;s going to be better to include the chemicals , including chemicals and chemicals , we &apos;re more likely to grow more chemicals than that .
these are going to be more and more fenotipe .
now these are sort of a very simple life , but when you &apos;re having a trick with this damlacıklar , things start to work .
so in a way that we don &apos;t understand , they learned to record the information in the way .
they learned to record the information that &apos;s called the dna , which is a special species called dna .
in other words , this unconscious , a kind of bilinçsiz , in a way that allowed us to understand what they were -- the way they were able to figure out what they were .
what &apos;s amazing is that this pattern of recording has been unchanged by two and a half years ago .
in fact , we &apos;re in the form of the same code as the same code and the yazılış .
in fact , all the living assets are written by identical typeface and code .
in fact , one of the things i just do to fun -- i can &apos;t write something with this code .
so here , i have a white white white white tozum that i &apos;ve been trying to get into security tasks .
there are the standard letters that we use to represent it in the code , and that &apos;s what i do -- you can write this code by taking a piece of dna on a piece of dna , 10 times .
now , if anybody wants a hundred million copies of the kartvizitimin in this room , there &apos;s a lot of stuff in this room , and here &apos;s all for everybody in the world .
if i was really a egoist , i would put it into the room and put it in the room .
so what was the next step ?
it &apos;s an interesting step to record dna .
and this has been happier about a few billion years .
but then , it was a very interesting step in all of everything , which is that these cells have begun to create information and exchange of cells .
i don &apos;t know if the bacteria are actually able to exchange dna .
so , for example , antibiotic resistance evolved .
some bacteria have discovered how to stay away from the bacteria , and together with the other bacteria , they spread in this way , and the bacteria have a very large number of bakterimiz in communication .
this communication allowed the community to create the synergy of the community with the same ship .
so they survived , or they failed together , so the community was more likely to be able to see all of the individuals being governed by the community .
the transformation point is that these communities have a lot of yakınlaşıp , in fact , that they can come together and write the whole community in a single strand of dna .
and the interesting stage for life was about one billion years .
and in this phase there is a very evolved organism that involves a whole variety of cells that function as a single organism .
in fact , we have a lot of hücreliler .
now we have a lot of hücremiz , not just for themselves .
skin leather -- heart cells muscle cells , brain cells , etc .
so these communities began to evrimleşmeye . so , the interesting level of evolution that evolution is now is not a single cell .
the next step happened within these communities .
this cell communities began to provide information .
they started to develop very special structures that did not do anything except of information processing .
these are neural impulses .
these communities are neurons , they &apos;re processing information processing .
they started in the community , in fact , in the form of structures that were responsible for recording and learning .
these are the brain and neurons .
and that gave them evolutionary advantage .
because at this point , one individual , learning , that &apos;s the time of a single organism in the course of a single organism .
so , for example , a organism is the smell of the smell , and the last time it &apos;s a certain kind of kind of kind of kind of meyveyi that we can do .
it was the only one organism that was able to live in the lifetime of life , but this particular information processing process was supposed to have been evolved as a result of the evolution of individuals who died in hundreds of thousands of years .
in fact , the nervous system , this particular information processing structure , has accelerated the whole evolutionary process .
because evolution is no longer a bireyde .
this is the time of learning .
and then , of course , the individuals learned the hilelerini of communication .
for example , the most sophisticated version of this is human being .
you &apos;re a little bit curious about it .
there &apos;s a very complicated , dağınık thought here .
i &apos;m going to sit here , and i &apos;m hoping to create an amazing and surprising thought that actually çıkartarak the sounds that you can &apos;t get in your mind .
and by taking something that &apos;s very complicated , we make it into sound , ses , and we produce something very complicated in your brain .
so that allows us to work as a single organism .
so what we &apos;re doing is that we &apos;re not going to be able to live humanity as humanity .
we &apos;re going through the same process as we go through the same process , where we &apos;re going to be able to collect information , present information and function .
for example , this is a very small step in the language of language .
it &apos;s the expertise of the uzmanlaşmış , the computer , the video , the cd-rom , the lar , the uzmanlaşmış of all these things .
and this connects each other to something much more quickly than we have before .
now evolution can occur in the mikro .
you see the program of evrişim , which is a small kind of evolution of evolution , a small kind of evolution of evolution .
now we &apos;re going to be able to do it again again .
one of the first stories i told you about was a billion years .
it took a few hundred million years to take steps like the nervous system and the brain .
it &apos;s more like language , more than a million years .
and it seems that it &apos;s going to take a few decades to take steps .
the process has to feed itself , and i think it &apos;s going to be the best word to change the speed of change .
it changes faster .
i think that &apos;s what we see here in the curve .
we see that this process feeds itself .
i &apos;m making computers , and i know that the mechanisms that i &apos;ve been using , without the latest developments , can be impossible , without the latest developments .
now , it &apos;s so complicated that we can use that complex objects to design them in traditional ways .
i don &apos;t know what the connection is doing every single one of you .
there &apos;s a milyarlarcası .
instead , the designers in teki and thinking have a little bit abstract thinking about it , giving it the machine to the machine , and making it faster and faster than that .
and in fact , we don &apos;t really understand this through the way we don &apos;t understand it .
it &apos;s a particularly interesting way of which i &apos;ve been using a lot of it recently .
so what we do is we can develop a evolutionary process that happens in the machine that happens in a mikro scale .
as an example , you can start a program with random commands in the most extreme situations .
for example , the computer will be able to send a hundred million commands to me .
now please do all these random instructions and all the things that i want to do and try and make the best thing i want to do . &quot;
in other words , it &apos;s tanımlarım .
i want to do an example of what i do with it , let &apos;s call it the number ranking .
now , find the most recent programs that are coming to the ranking .
of course , the number of random commands in random commands , the number of random numbers , is that no one really can do that .
but one of them could put two numbers in the right place .
so i say , &quot; please , please take the best job that is doing the best job in the computer please .
keep them without meat .
now we &apos;re going to put the numbers in the best way .
and we can redefine them again and redefine them .
the two programmes are going to change the programs and the lower programs , and it &apos;s a child that &apos;s inherited the characteristics of every two programdaki .
now , in my hand , there are new generation programs that are made of programs that do better .
let &apos;s call the process tekrarla .
again .
it &apos;s a mutation .
and by doing this again , do another generation for another generation .
each one of these jenerasyonların takes a few miles .
so i can only do a few minutes in the computer in a few minutes , or in complex situations .
at the end , there are programs that are absolutely excellent in my hand .
in fact , these are much more than the programs that i have .
now i can &apos;t tell you how they work .
i tried to study them , let me tell you how they work .
it &apos;s hard to understand , weird programs .
but you can &apos;t take the task .
i &apos;m sure that i &apos;m going to take office because they &apos;re coming from hundreds of thousands of programs that they &apos;re going to work .
it &apos;s actually depends on doing their tasks .
birkeresinde marvin : a 747 to a 747 , and he took the card , and he said , &quot; oh look , look at this .
do you make sure you have a hundred thousand pieces of small pieces that are working together to keep you safe ?
we know that the engineering process doesn &apos;t work very well .
we &apos;re starting to trust computers in very different processes .
it allows us to learn much more complex things than it allows you to get out of ordinary mühendisliğin .
and we don &apos;t have many options that have yet to have .
in a sense , it &apos;s going on in the future .
we &apos;re now using these programs to produce faster computers , faster computers .
so he feeds himself back .
it gets faster , so i think it looks very confusing .
because all these technologies are feeding themselves .
we &apos;re going to go .
it &apos;s a time when organisms in the single organism start to turn into organisms like embryonic organisms .
i mean , we &apos;re not going to be able to tell us what we &apos;re going to do , and what we &apos;re going to do with god .
it was a complete transition .
and i think there &apos;s something that really comes out of it .
i &apos;d like to think that we are the ultimate product of evolution .
the next thing is , what are we all here ?
the lunch is approaching , and i think i &apos;m going to end here before .
my story actually starts two years ago in da .
on a star night , it was a birlikteydim birlikteydim birlikteydim , adlı mukhtiar .
and we had to talk about the fact that nothing has been done since the old indian destanı .
at the time , when we were in the united kingdom , we were going to take the two wheels to the sky .
now we &apos;re doing the same .
at that time , the great indian warrior arjuna susadığında took a finger and pulled it out and pulled it out there .
now we &apos;re doing the same as drilling tools and makinalarla .
and the result was that the magic took the machines .
and that &apos;s really what i &apos;m going to do .
i realized that i started with a little bit of korkmaya .
when i was in my head , i was shocked by the idea that i had the idea of taking my emails to my friends , and i had the idea of getting my friends out of me .
and i thought that technology should be possible instead of killing it .
a little girl gave me a little bit of little silver phone time .
and that 50 years of technology was the most magical thing in the world for me .
hayalimde pirate became a gateway of a world full of ships , ships and images .
so i felt like i was going to be able to make sure that my cell phone , süslü and photography were alıkoyduğunu .
it &apos;s . engelliyorlardı .
and so i &apos;ve been diving into the world of technology , to see how to make it possible to kill it instead of killing it .
i &apos;ve been drawing pictures for the books since 19 .
and when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a storytelling tool that would connect readers around the world .
it &apos;s how we &apos;re going to get it .
we don &apos;t know where we are .
it brings the official and the text together , the sound , the sound , the voice .
storytelling becomes a lot more complicated .
so what do we do with this ?
in fact , i &apos;m going to show you the khoya , which is a app for the ipad .
he says , &quot; put your finger on each light . &quot;
and so i said , &quot; this is the person who belongs to this person , &quot; and i wrote the move .
and i actually become a character in the book .
at various points , a small letter comes out -- and the ipad knows where it gets -- it &apos;s actually showing me .
and this kind of ihtimaller in my life is really excited .
i &apos;ve talked about a lot .
and i &apos;m not talking about that , and i &apos;m not talking about the magic , the idea that we all have as a child .
the idea of a kavanozdaki , for one reason , is that i always don &apos;t know me .
and here the ipad goes out , it goes out .
and in fact , it &apos;s the aydınlatıyorlar of the book .
the other idea that really fascinated me when i was a kid was to be in the entire galaxy .
and here , every book and every world , every book and every world , are taking a little bit of the magic device .
and it opens a map .
since the beginning of the beginning , the map of all the fantastic books has been a map , but these maps are not available .
this is a map of the growing , glowing and the book that &apos;s going on in the end of the book .
it comes out in certain parts of the book .
i &apos;m going to go inside now .
and the other thing that &apos;s really important for me is that it &apos;s the same , but it &apos;s also a very modern component of content .
they &apos;re the ones that you see here .
we &apos;ve all heard of it before , and we &apos;ve heard about how many people out of india know how many brothers are brothers ?
this poor apsaralar had been closed for thousands of years in the rooms of the old and küf book in kitaptaki .
and we bring them back to a modern child .
and it &apos;s a story that deals with new challenges like environmental crisis .
when we talk about environmental degradation , i think the big problem that we &apos;ve been facing in the last 10 years is that kids can walk in the rooms in their rooms , and they go outside .
but now , with the mobile technology , we can go out and we can bring it out to nature .
one of the stories in the book is that you can go out and take pictures of the kameranızı in the ipad , and you can take pictures of different natural objects .
and when i was a little boy , i had a variety of koleksiyonlarım , stones , stones and sea shells .
and somehow kids don &apos;t do that anymore .
so i went out to bring this back to my childhood , and in a section , i took a picture of a flower , and then i took it .
in another part , you can paint a picture of a piece of tree , and you can see it .
and so you &apos;re actually creating a digital photograph collection online .
a child in london takes a picture of a child , and he says , &quot; i &apos;ve seen a fox today . &quot;
in india , a child in india said , &quot; i &apos;ve seen a monkey today . &quot;
and it creates this kind of social networking around a collection of çektiğiniz digital photographs .
the possibility of bringing magic , world and technology together is really a lot .
in the next book , we &apos;re working on an interaction with the ipad on the ipad on the ipad , and you see a moving reality out of your house , and you see the hareketli perileri that &apos;s coming out of your house .
at some point , we &apos;re going to be able to get rid of the ekranınız .
and you have to make wind sound , and that &apos;s why you &apos;re reading the book .
we &apos;re moving towards a world where nature is coming to technology and the magic and technology come together , we &apos;re all moving forward .
we get energy from the sun .
it &apos;s the childhood of childhood and the childhood that we have with our children and the world and the world and the simple world .
thank you .
this is a great honor for me .
i spent most of my life in cells , in prisons , in prison cells .
i spent most of my time in low-income neighborhoods and in the places where i had lost hope .
and here , to be at ted and seeing this call , is very exciting for me .
what i &apos;ve been doing here is that ted is an identity of ted .
you can tell the world that there &apos;s something that really contributes to the world .
some things have to do with ted , and they have the strength and power that they have .
i &apos;m talking about that because i think identity is really important .
we watched some wonderful presentations .
i think we &apos;ve learned that the things that come out of a öğretmenseniz are going to be anlamlıdırlar , but if you &apos;re really interested in a öğretmenseniz that really matters .
you can do good things , but if you can do something else , you can do something else .
i want to talk to you about the power of identity .
i didn &apos;t realize it was working in the field of law or doing my work .
i learned that i could .
i grew up in a traditional african family ; the chairman of our family was a member of the family , sertti , güçlüydü , sözü .
that was the result of all discussions in the house .
he was also the winner of a lot of controversy .
it &apos;s actually a kızıydı family .
parents were born in virginia in the larda , virginia .
he was born in lerde , and he was born from slavery , and he was going to see her vision in the world .
it &apos;s the same , but it &apos;s also sevecendi .
when i went to see a little boy , i was so hard to see me so hard , and i was able to do it , and i was able to do it .
two hours later , when i saw him again , i said , &quot; bryan , you &apos;re still feeling you , you know ? &quot;
i say , &quot; no . &quot; i say , &quot; yes . &quot; i &apos;m going to be comfortable .
it had a characteristic of it , and you &apos;d like to be on it .
the only problem had 10 children .
he &apos;s the youngest of her 10 children .
sometimes when i went to spend time with him , it would be hard to get attention and time .
it &apos;s all over the place .
i remember when i was in the age of eight , when i was in the middle of a day , i remember all my time .
my grandmother was sitting in front of the room .
first of all , i thought i &apos;d play a game .
you look at it , but it &apos;s very ciddiydi .
and after 15 minutes , he came out of it , he came up on the other side of the room , and he kept me out , and he said , &quot; let &apos;s talk to you guys . &quot;
i remember it just like yesterday .
i will never forget .
he pulled me out and said , &quot; bryan , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but i &apos;m telling you that . &quot;
i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;m going to die . &quot;
he said , &quot; well , calm . &quot; &quot; of course . &quot;
and he said , &quot; i want you to listen to you , and i want you to listen to you . &quot;
&quot; i think you &apos;re not .
you can do whatever you want . &quot;
i &apos;ll never forget that .
and then he said , &quot; i want you to talk about three things . &quot;
i said , &quot; okay . &quot;
&quot; my first my first wish is that i have always been sevmen .
i want my little daughter and i always want to look at it , &quot; he said .
i already said to my mother , &quot; yes , yes . &quot;
and then the second thing i &apos;d like to say is , &quot; the second thing i want is always to do the right thing , even the right thing . &quot;
i thought , &quot; okay , i &apos;m going to say , &quot; ok , i &apos;m going to say . &quot;
and finally , he said , &quot; i &apos;ve never been drinking your third commandment . &quot;
i was nine years old , so i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;m going to die . &quot;
in the south , i grew up in a rural area , and i have a big ağabeyim , a little girl , and i have a little girl .
when i was 15 days old , he came home with a beer package that i didn &apos;t know -- where he found me -- i don &apos;t know where to take me and my sister and take my sister and take it into the region .
there were three children who were always doing it .
he took a yudum , and she gave her a girl , she gave me a little bit and gave me a little bit of it .
i said , &quot; no , no , no . there &apos;s no need . i &apos;m not . &quot;
&quot; let &apos;s do it . we &apos;re going to do this today , and you have to do it .
i got a little bit , my brother took it , and he said , &quot; you know , you &apos;re going to get it . &quot;
i said , &quot; no , that &apos;s not true to me , you . you . &quot;
and then he started looking at me with a steep line .
and he said , &quot; what do you have ? this is what you &apos;re doing . &quot;
and then he looked at me and said , &quot; i hope you &apos;re still talking about what you &apos;re doing . &quot;
i said , &quot; why are you talking about ? &quot;
&quot; they say they are all special , &quot; he said .
it &apos;s yıkılmıştım .
i &apos;m going to admit to you about something .
it &apos;s probably something that needs to be done .
this is going to be broadcast .
but it &apos;s 52 , and i &apos;m going to admit to you that my life is a drop in my life .
it &apos;s not a very virtuous thing ; i &apos;m saying it &apos;s because of the power that exists .
we can tell the right identity , we can tell the world that doesn &apos;t make sense to the world around us .
they &apos;re going to tell them what they think they &apos;re thinking about .
when i think about it , of course , it &apos;s all about all the grandchildren .
my grandfather was drinking for drinking .
you can &apos;t get rid of the disease that &apos;s caused by dayılarım .
and that &apos;s what we have to say .
i &apos;ve been trying to say something about justice .
our country is very different than it was five years ago .
in 1972 , there were 10,000 people in prisons .
today , 2.3 million people are .
the united states is the country that allows the world &apos;s most prison sentence .
there are seven million people who have been evacuated or provisionally evacuated .
and i think it changed our world with the meaning of mass graves .
in poor neighborhoods , there &apos;s a lot of despair , so there &apos;s despair , so there &apos;s despair .
every three black men between 18 and 30 years of age were either imprisoned or released in prison or released .
in cities around the country , los angeles , philadelphia , baltimore , washington -- 93 per cent of men who are not white , or i or kefaletli , are in jail .
our system is not just polarised because of the population , but also because of poverty .
the justice system in this country is better in the country if we &apos;re not going to be able to get the white and suçluysanız to the poor and innocent .
the results are far from crime .
yet , we seem to be very rahatmışız .
the policy of fear and anger is that it feels like someone else feels like this .
connection is broken .
it &apos;s interesting to me .
i see some interesting developments .
it &apos;s me , like in alabama , some other states , if you have a chance to vote .
now in alabama , 34 percent of men have lost their right to vote .
according to öngörülerimize , the number of votes in the next ten years will be equal before the adoption of the right to vote .
and there &apos;s an amazing silence .
i represent children .
many of them are very young .
the united states is the only country in the world convicted of 13 children in prison .
children in this country are being convicted without release .
these cases are really happening .
the only country in the world .
i represent the people that are allowed to do it .
the death penalty is very interesting .
in many ways , the real problem is that the real problem is that people are not afraid to die for their crimes .
this is a pretty reasonable question .
but we can ask this question differently , depending on the identity we have .
if we do that , we don &apos;t want to kill the people who are supposed to die because of the crimes they committed , but we don &apos;t want to kill .
i think that &apos;s amazing .
the death penalty in america is changing .
we found that one person was innocent for nine people , and that person was salıverildi .
an incredible mistake rate -- one of nine people is innocent .
it &apos;s incredible .
havacılıkta , the shield would not allow any flight to be held at nine planes .
but somehow we can &apos;t get ourselves out of this problem .
it &apos;s not our problem .
it &apos;s not us .
it &apos;s not us .
i &apos;m very talking about these issues .
i &apos;m talking about whether i want to kill and kill it .
so , this is very interesting , i &apos;m talking about the history of african american american americans .
i &apos;m talking about them , the reconstruction process and the second world war that followed this .
they don &apos;t know much about him .
but for american americans , terrorism was a period of terrorism .
many communities are facing the danger of being abused .
it &apos;s . korkuyorlardı .
it &apos;s the terror that shapes their lives .
these are great people who come to me and say , &quot; mr. stevenson , lectures , presentations , you &apos;re going to tell people that they &apos;re faced with terror for the first time . &quot;
they say , &quot; we grew up with them . &quot;
and of course , this terror age followed discrimination and years of racism .
and unfortunately , we &apos;re not going to talk about this in this country .
we have to talk about our history .
because of what we did in history , we did not understand what we were doing .
we &apos;re constantly dealing with each other .
we create constant tension and conflict .
we &apos;re dealing with our problems , because i think we don &apos;t want to bring ourselves to reality and reconciliation .
people in south africa realized that they were going to be able to reach reality and reconciliation .
in rwanda , even during the genocide , even during the genocide , but we didn &apos;t have this in this country .
i gave a lesson about death death in germany .
büyüleyiciydi , because after the sunumumdan , one of the things that happened was that he stood up and said , &quot; you &apos;re not going to hear the human being .
there is no death penalty in germany .
naturally , there is no death penalty in germany , &quot; he said .
the room is a sessizleşti and a woman , and a woman says , &quot; never can we never let people die in a systematic way .
a deliberate şekilde would be for us to kill our people , &quot; he said .
i thought about this .
how would it be like to live in a world where the people of germany killed people , and they were mostly jewish ?
you can &apos;t believe that .
it would have been vicdansızlık .
but in this country , we are killing people in the former south states , and here &apos;s the rate of the death of the victim , and if the death rate of the victims is 11 times higher than the black , it &apos;s about four times greater than the black bones of the dead people .
but again , there &apos;s this bağlantısızlık .
i think it &apos;s our kimliğimiz .
we don &apos;t care about these hard things , we care about positive and wonderful things .
it &apos;s . bayılıyoruz .
we &apos;re not going to go to technology . you can &apos;t be creative .
it &apos;s fun .
but in fact , these facts are acıyla , istismarla , ayrışmayla , gölgeleniyor .
i think that &apos;s two things .
because we &apos;re talking more about being more determined than being more determined in a more forceful world than being in a dünyada world .
for me , this means the opportunity to talk to you about the opportunity to come to ted , to ted .
think of them as part of our lives .
you know , in essence , we all have to believe things that we don &apos;t know .
we &apos;re also so proud of the way it &apos;s going on .
innovation , creativity , development just comes from ideas .
it comes from the idea that we &apos;re going to be able to take power from our minds and create our minds .
and if i think about it , our connection to our relationship is not just the bright and göz things , but also important to dark and difficult things .
major czech leader vaclav havel talked about that .
&quot; when we tried to deal with the pressure in eastern europe , we wanted all sorts of things , but the most we needed was yöneltmekti , sometimes in places where we needed witnesses , &quot; he said .
i think that the spirit of this spirit should be the basis of even the commitment of the ted community .
we don &apos;t really allow us to become fully human , unless we don &apos;t care about technology and design , we don &apos;t really allow us to be fully human .
however , it &apos;s more difficult to get you : to have this kind of identity , it &apos;s more difficult than that .
you know that .
i was a young man , and i was honoured by the honor of tanışma .
in the meantime , she came to montgomery , where he met with his closest friends , toplanırdı kadınlardı , johnnie carr , montgomery carr -- a great black woman -- a great black woman , a white woman , dr. king , dr. king durr .
these women came together and just konuşurlardı .
by the way , the carr lady and i said , &quot; bryan is coming to the city , and we &apos;ll talk to the city .
do you want to come and listen ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; of course , i would like . &quot;
he said , &quot; what are you going to do when you get here ? &quot;
i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to die . &quot;
i was there , and i was listening .
it gave me energy and power .
once i was there listening to these women , a few hours later , my grandmother turned to me and said , &quot; now , let me tell you what &apos;s going on with bryan .
let me tell you what it is to do . &quot;
i started to tell him .
&quot; we &apos;re trying to fight our enemies .
we &apos;re trying to help people who are unfair .
we are dealing with judicial justice , and we are dealing with discrimination .
we are trying to help children who are not allowed to provisional release talks .
we &apos;re trying to do something about the fine .
we &apos;re trying to reduce the number of people .
we &apos;re trying to block mass graves . &quot;
and i told him all this stuff , and he looked at me and looked at me , and he said , &quot; you &apos;re going to get rid of your hair .
it will be very , very tired to you . &quot;
and she was focused on this , and she was walking to me and said , &quot; this is why you should be very courageous . &quot;
i believe the ted community should really be very courageous .
we have to find ways to deal with these challenges , the challenges to the challenges .
because it &apos;s all about us that everybody &apos;s going to die .
i learned some very simple things when i was doing the job .
he taught me some very simple things .
i realized that each one of us is more than the worst thing we do .
i think that &apos;s like everyone on the planet .
i think it &apos;s not just a liar .
i think it &apos;s not just a burglar , but it &apos;s not just a burglar .
i think even if you don &apos;t know somebody , it &apos;s just a killer .
so , that &apos;s why humanity is being adopted by law .
and i think that &apos;s not the wealth of poverty in many parts of the country and the world .
i don &apos;t believe that .
i think in many places , poverty is the opposite justice .
and i think that &apos;s how beautiful , inspiring , exciting , exciting , even though it &apos;s sonunda , it &apos;s tasarımlarımızla , and mantığımızla and mantığımızla .
and you can end up with the character of a society , the character of a society , to the rich , the güçlülere , the ayrıcalıklılara , the hapsedilmişlere , the hapsedilmişlere .
because of this attitude , we understand our own self .
sometimes i &apos;m going to talk to you . i &apos;ll end with this story .
sometimes i &apos;m very excited .
like all of us , it &apos;s yoruluyorum .
sometimes these ideas are really important to them .
i represent children sentenced to very heavy penalties .
i &apos;m going to see if there are 13 years of crimes in prison , as a child .
and i think , how did that happen ?
how do you get you to something like a judge ?
judge decides he &apos;s a grownup , but i see this kid .
i was thinking about late night , my god , if a judge is going to have something to do with you , they have to have magical powers .
so bryan has the magic powers .
i &apos;m going to share these with you .
because i was standing in the right hour , i started working on a motion .
when she was 14 , he had a poor , black man .
i started working on the motion , and i started to work : &quot; poor , 14 years old , zenci , white , white , 75 . &quot;
i put it in my wallet , i put it in my wallet , my poliste , the judiciary .
this is a crazy trick , and there &apos;s no standard in this country , there &apos;s always a uygunsuzluk .
i thought i was going to see this crazy proposition that i was coming at the next morning , or did i really write this crazy proposition ?
it &apos;s terrifying , it &apos;s just not going to be yazmakla , it &apos;s not going to go to court .
it was a few months , and it was new .
so i decided , and i was going to go to the court and i would make this crazy savunmayı .
i was bindim , i felt really drowning myself .
i went on my feet , and i went in .
i thought it would be very difficult and painful .
i went down and i started walking in court offices .
while the courthouse came out of the courthouse , there was a black african temizlikçisi .
when he saw me , he asked me to come and see who i was .
and i said , &quot; you know , &quot; i said , &quot; you &apos;re a lawyer ? &quot; he said , &quot; yeah . &quot;
he &apos;s going to me and he &apos;s going to tell me .
kulağıma fısıldadı :
&quot; i am proud of you . &quot;
i tell you , that gives me energy .
this has created a connection with the identity of the identity and the ability of every person to contribute to the community and the other .
i went to court .
when it comes to the sky , the judge saw me .
and he said , &quot; mr. stevenson , is it crazy ? &quot;
i said , &quot; yeah , i &apos;ve written . &quot; we started debate .
people started getting in .
i wrote these crazy things .
and police officers , the inspectors , the nurses , were thrown in .
and when i realized what was happening , people who were angry , from poverty , from poverty , to the court , were brought to court .
i saw my eye , and i went back and forth and forth .
and he was looking at the window , and he couldn &apos;t solve all this mess .
he continued to go back .
finally , in the face of this yaşlıca black guy , he went in and sat in the face , and he was sitting in the table of almost lawyers .
10 minutes later , he said we would give the judge .
the deputy director of police , meanwhile , was unable to attend the courtroom .
he stood up and he went to the black man .
&quot; jimmy , who &apos;s in the courtroom in the courtroom ? &quot;
the black man stood up and looked at his deputy , and he looked at me and he said , &quot; i came to this young man to take care of this young man , and i came up with this young man . &quot;
i think most of you have to come to ted , i think most of you think the universe is right to justice .
people are not fully trained for human rights and human rights .
we have to believe that our survival depends on survival .
technology , design , entertainment , creativity , human beings need to be internal , compassion and justice .
so , more than anything else , i &apos;m going to make sense of this feeling , and i come up with your eyes .
thank you very much .
you &apos;ve seen this audience and this community as clear that they want to help you .
what else can we do with a czech franc ?
there are many possibilities around us .
for example , if you live in california this summer , it will be a referendum , and there will be the effort to transfer money to other places .
for example , in california over the next five years , we could spend a billion dollars a billion dollars in death .
still , 70 per cent of the murder cases are sonuçlanmıyor .
56 per cent of the rape cases were reduced .
we have a chance to change this .
the referendum suggests that these money will be made by legal sanctions and security .
i think there are possibilities around us .
in the last three decades , there &apos;s a huge decline in america .
part of this is rising rates .
what would you say to someone who said that ?
in fact , the crime rate remained relatively flat .
the increase in mass extinctions was actually not in this wild criminal category .
it was the amaçsız war against drugs .
this is a visible increase in the hapishanelerimizin .
we can &apos;t afford ourselves for this sentence .
we have three çentik , which is the fact that we can &apos;t go to the victims to the victims , the financial crimes that are not going to be called the mali , the financial crimes .
i think we should do more to help victims , not less .
the current justice system does nothing for anyone .
that &apos;s what we need to change .
you &apos;ve got a very big interest here .
it was the inspiration of inspiration .
thank you very much for coming to ted . thank you .
lushta : threats have increased after bin laden &apos;s death .
second commandment : famine in somalia .
third commandment : the police pepper gas . fourth spiker : hunger .
fifth commandment : tour ships . sixth spiker : social çürüme .
seventh commandment : 65 are dead . eighth spiker : tsunami warning . the ninth spiker : siber-saldırılar .
number one : drug war . mass destruction .
the decline . the delay . it &apos;s dead . egypt .
syria . crisis . death .
it &apos;s disaster . oh my god .
peter diamantis : these are just some of the last six months in the last six months -- just some of the last six or six years .
i mean , the news is that broadcasters prefer to give us negative news , because it &apos;s taken to them .
and there &apos;s a reason for that .
every single day , every day , our brains bring us much more data than our brains .
and because there &apos;s nothing more important than staying in life , the first stop of all data is called a kıymığıdır , which is called the temporal lobe .
now , our early warning is our early warning .
and all of the data , and they &apos;re going to be able to do something that can hurt us in the environment .
so we &apos;re particularly going to look at the negative ones .
and that old journalism i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to die , &quot; right .
so if we think about the seven days of the week , the 24 hours of the day , we &apos;re not going to think that we &apos;re going to be negative news .
it &apos;s not surprising that people think the world is going wrong .
but , perhaps , that &apos;s not the case .
perhaps , it &apos;s really what happens to us .
perhaps , in the last century , the tremendous development that we &apos;ve been showing with a series of effects is actually so much that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
now i don &apos;t say we have a lot of problems -- climate crisis , species of species , water and energy -- of course .
and as humans , we &apos;re much better with the problems than before , but eventually we can &apos;t get them .
so let &apos;s see what the last century is to see where we &apos;re going .
in the last century , the average lifespan of people has increased more than doubled , compared to inflation in the world per capita .
child mortality dropped to one of them .
add the food , electricity , transportation , communication costs to someone in the 10 to 1,000 .
steve pinker actually showed us the most peaceful times of human history .
and charles kenny was over 80 percent of global warming over the last 130 years .
we live in a very unusual time .
most people forget this .
and they &apos;re also yükseltiyoruz .
in fact , we can rethink what poverty means .
so , imagine , today , most people below the poverty line below the poverty line below the poverty line in america , the water , the tuvaletleri , the television , the cell , the cell phones , the arabaları and the cars .
the richest soyguncu in the last century didn &apos;t even even imagine that lüksleri imparatorlar .
it &apos;s the technology that most of you have recently developed , and it &apos;s grown up recently .
my good friend ray kurzweil has shown that any device that has information technology is going into this device , and moore &apos;s law is doubling the price performance of 12 to 24 months .
so this is why the mobile phone -- the süperbilgisayarından of the &apos; 70s -- is literally a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster .
now look at this pattern .
this is moore moore &apos;s law .
and i want you to take two things in the studio .
first of all , how smooth is -- well , at the time and at the time , in the war and in the war , the decline , decline and decline .
this is the result of getting computers faster to make computers faster .
we &apos;re not fighting for none of our big enemies .
and also , even though the law on the left has been mapped , it &apos;s going to go up .
the speed of technology is accelerating itself .
and in this case , moore &apos;s law has a lot of powerful technologies that are open to all of us .
it &apos;s the cloud of the cloud , my friends in autodesk -- the sensors and networks -- the 3d printing , the demokratize , the edilme of the üretimin production , and the ability of the üretimin production -- synthetic biology ; synthetic biology -- and synthetic intelligence .
so how many of you have seen the fact that ibm won watson &apos;s win ?
i mean , it &apos;s destansıydı .
in fact , i &apos;ve been looking for the best newspaper in the paper , which is the best newspaper .
and i love this : &quot; watson has been superior to human competitors . &quot;
it &apos;s not an easy game .
it &apos;s about human language .
and please imagine , every person with a cell phone is open to this artificial zekalar .
four years ago at ted kurzweil and i started a new university , singularity university .
and our students are teaching all these technologies , and especially these , to solve how humanity is great .
and every year , every year we want a company or a product or a product or product that will positively affect the lives of a billion people .
imagine that , literally , a group of students , today , is the fact that a billion people are going to live in life .
it sounds ridiculous about 30 years ago .
today we can build a dozen companies that have done this .
when i think about creating abundance , it &apos;s not about creating a luxury life for everyone on the planet -- creating a living life .
it &apos;s rare to take it and get it .
look , nadirlik bağlamsaldır , and technology is a etkidir .
let me give you an example .
so this is a story about three . in the mid-1980s .
that &apos;s the type on the left .
we were going to eat king king .
all of the soldiers of un beat the silver ring , napolyon un &apos;s own gold belt .
but the king of siyam , the king of aluminyum , was eaten out .
you see , the most valuable asset on the planet is more valuable than gold and gold .
that &apos;s why it &apos;s made of the tepesinin of the washington monument .
what you &apos;re going to see is ünün percent of the world &apos;s kütlesel , but it &apos;s not pure metal .
it &apos;s all about oxygen and oxygen .
but then the technology came out , and it was so ucuzlattı that we used it to do it .
so we can move this analogy forward .
we think about energy shortages .
ladies and gentlemen , we live in a planet where we live in kullandığımızın times a year .
in every 88 minutes , 16 years of energy are on earth &apos;s surface .
it &apos;s not rare , it &apos;s the issue .
and there &apos;s good news here .
for the first time , this year , in india , 50 percent of the cost of electricity produced in the sun -- 50 percent of the cost of electricity -- is 17 rupees .
the cost of the sun was 50 percent last year .
last month , mit published a study showing that the united states would have six cents an average of 15 cents per national average , instead of the national average of the sun .
and if you have a lot of fun , it &apos;s going to be plentiful .
now we &apos;re talking about water wars .
in 1990 , carl sagan passed out of the earth when he passed the saturn , and remember the voyager , you know ?
he took a famous picture . what was the name ?
&quot; blue blue dot . &quot;
because we live on a water planet .
we live in a gezegende planet with water .
yes , 97.5 percent of the water , two percent of the water , and we fight for the water in the planet , but there &apos;s hope here .
and there &apos;s the technology that &apos;s going to be available to use , not about 10 , 20 years , right now .
there &apos;s nanotechnology coming coming out .
in my talk with dean kamen this morning , i &apos;d like to share with you the greatest kendin-yap -- i &apos;d like to share with you -- this allowed me to have a little bit of the technology called a slingshot , a little yurt-odası .
the litre is more expensive than any other source -- saltwater water , dirty water , toilet -- the chairman of the kurulu water water , the board of tuvalet , and the board of the test , which has approved the test .
and if you don &apos;t work , we have all kinds of trust , and coca-cola is going to start using it globally in the world in the world .
here &apos;s the innovation that exists today , with this technology .
and we saw this in mobile phones .
you &apos;re going to get 40 percent of the mobile phone phone in the developing world .
imagine , in the middle of kenya , a cell phone in the middle of kenya is a better mobile conversation than 25 years ago .
now , if you &apos;re going to google from a smart phone to google , 15 years ago , president clinton has much more information and knowledge .
they live in a world that has information and communication as much as nobody can imagine .
even better , you and i spend hundreds of thousands of dollars and hundreds of dollars and hundreds of thousands of dollars , libraries , video videos , libraries , and müzik , and it comes out to be fully mobile phones .
maybe the best part is health .
last month , i had the pleasure to explain something called the vakfı foundation , which is a x x prize .
in the world , in fact , all these technologies , it &apos;s all about it , because the artificial intelligence has to be able to take you in a more successful way to get your blood on the ground , and you can get a more successful diagnosis of the device that can get you to get your blood .
so literally , imagine the middle of the developing world where doctors don &apos;t have doctors , 25 percent of patients and 80 percent of the health workers .
it &apos;s the disease of a rna or a dna that doesn &apos;t know what it doesn &apos;t know , and it &apos;s looking for disease control and prevention .
but it &apos;s the greatest impact here to make the world of abundance .
i call the rising billion .
here &apos;s the white lines here .
we &apos;ve crossed seven billion lines in the world .
by the way , the best protection of the population explosion is to train and make the world .
in 2010 , there were two billion people in connection with bağlantılı .
until 2020 , internet users will increase from two billion to five billion .
they &apos;re getting three billion new minds to global conversation .
what would these people want ?
what do you do ? what are you going to do ?
and we &apos;re going to have the greatest economic impact in the history of the economic collapse .
these people represent hundreds of trillion dollars in the economy .
and by using ı , they will be healthier , and they &apos;re better trained , and they &apos;re going to be more productive than they &apos;re in the 3d and the infinite bilişimi , and they &apos;re all more productive than ever before .
so what can that bring us to the growing , healthy , educated , productive three billion members of humanity ?
what do you think about a group of voices ?
so , where if they were , the first time they were going to be able to make sound for the first time , and to take action ?
what will that bring three billion people ?
what do you think we can &apos;t even expect ?
there &apos;s something that i learned from x x , which is the extraordinary thing that the small groups of groups that are being driven by a net attraction can do things that are only big corporations and governments in the past .
let me share a story that really excites me , and let me share with him .
there &apos;s a program that some of you may have heard .
it &apos;s a game called foldit .
he came out of the university of seattle .
and this is a game where individuals can take a sequence of amino acid , and it &apos;s a game where the protein can take it .
and it determines the structure , the structure and the structure .
and it &apos;s very important for research in medicine .
and so far , i &apos;ve been a süperbilgisayar .
and this game was played by university professors and others .
and there are literally hundreds of thousands of people who have begun playing this game .
and it turns out that , in fact , today , people are better than the protein protein , which is better than protein protein .
and when they went and looked at the world &apos;s best protein , they weren &apos;t a mit professor , he wasn &apos;t a mit professor , he wasn &apos;t a rehabilitasyon , and she was the best protein in the world in the night , and the best protein in the world .
ladies and gentlemen , it &apos;s the fact that there is a huge amount of trust that gives me the greatest challenges for the world , and that we are now in the world .
we have this technology with technology .
we have tutkusuna tutkusuna .
we have kapitaline kapitaline .
and we have three billion new ideas that will work with us to try and solve big challenges , to do big challenges .
we live in the next extraordinary state .
thank you .
i think we need to do something about changing the medical culture .
and i think it &apos;s got to start with a doktordan , and that &apos;s me .
and when i do that , maybe i can , perhaps , be able to give up the bölümünden section that i have for a long time .
before i start talking about the theme of my talk , let &apos;s start with a piece of beyzbolla .
why not ?
we &apos;re approaching the finals , and we &apos;re approaching the finals .
we all love our hearts , right ?
we have a number of remarkable statistics about the statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
it &apos;s about getting a book called &quot; moneyball , &quot; and it &apos;s about building a very good baseball team .
so i &apos;m going to talk about one of the things that i &apos;m going to talk about .
it &apos;s called a ortalaması average .
for example , we talk about 300 , the player &apos;s 300 300 .
that means that the player had three kilos of injuries during the sırasında .
so the most remote part of the field is to get the ball down by others , and when they start at the beginning of the beginning , they &apos;re going to be able to get to the first point of the ball , and they &apos;re going to start at the beginning .
it &apos;s three times .
do you know what you &apos;re going to do in the american baseball team 300 athletes ?
good , really good . even a star .
do you know what you &apos;re going to do with somebody 400 ?
and that means that every 10 times it means achieving four .
it is legendary , like the last american baseball league player ted williams , who hit over 400 hits in the normal season .
now let me go back to a little bit less comfortable if you think about the conversation that i &apos;m going to make myself a little bit more comfortable or more .
you &apos;re a surgeon , and you &apos;re a surgeon , a surgeon who has 400 400 targets on a surgeon .
strangely , there &apos;s no way to accept this , right ?
now , if you don &apos;t have a bird , you &apos;re not going to be able to live somewhere , and you &apos;ve got two coronary markers in your living community , and you have a cardiologist who has 200 feet on the way you love your parents .
but do you know what happens ?
he &apos;s doing a lot better this year . he &apos;s going to kill him .
and he &apos;s doing the vuruş .
it doesn &apos;t work in a strange way .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
what do you think about a heart valve or a ortopedistin or a ortopedistin , a jinekoloğun , an emergency emergency specialist ?
1,000 , beautiful .
now the real thing is that the whole thing is that medicine doesn &apos;t know if all of you have a good chance or a successful , or acil staff .
and what we do is i think i &apos;m going to be able to be able to get into the world , including the external world .
never , never make mistakes , but to the details , it &apos;s about how it can be .
and this is the message i received from medical medicine .
i was a student with schizophrenia .
when i was in high school , my girlfriend once told me that i was sitting on the blood vessels of brian goldman .
and that &apos;s what i did .
i worked in a small room at the top of the hemşire state hospital , which is not very far from here .
and you can &apos;t change everything .
the anatomy of the anatomy of the anatomy is unclear and shared with each other , and in common , every layer of the damarı and the branches of the aortadan .
i even learned how to get rid of my hair , and i even learned how to do it .
and together with them , we can get more information .
and i was successful , i graduated from perfect derecelerle .
when i finished my medical clinic , i had a izlenime , so i had a lot of resistance if i was able to do everything as much as possible .
and that &apos;s a moment , like a süreliğine , until i got the lady drucker .
i &apos;m going to go to the hospital hospital in the hospital where i &apos;m working here in toronto education hospital .
and then i was in the cardiology lab to do that at the time .
and my task is to take the emergency surgery of my patient , to see the patient there .
and he was reporting this .
and i saw ı , and i didn &apos;t have my hair .
and when i realized it , it was a sound that was coming from it .
and when i hit his chest , i was a ses voice on both sides , and he thought that there was a heart failure .
in this case , the heart of heart is totally pompalayamaz , and you get a little bit of blood , and you get a little bit of blood , and you &apos;re going to have a dolar and nedenle dolar .
and it &apos;s not hard to put it in .
i put my tanıyı and i plan for treatment .
i gave it to him . i gave him medications to reduce respiratory synesthesia .
i gave you a liquid shooter called diüretik , called diüretik .
and at the end of a two-hour time , he started feeling better .
and i felt really good .
and at that moment i made my first slide -- i sent him home .
in fact , i made two more mistakes .
i sent her home to his home .
and as i was expected , i would take the phone and tell him about the patient &apos;s situation , and i didn &apos;t tell you about the patient &apos;s situation .
and even though he knew the patient , it could make it better for his assessment .
i could have done this in a good fashion .
maybe i didn &apos;t want to do it .
maybe it was very successful , and it was the second mistake that i had to do with my patients , even without giving him information to her patients .
he sent him home , and i didn &apos;t care about my voice , and i didn &apos;t care to say , &quot; goldman , it &apos;s not a good idea . &quot;
in fact , i have to have a trust against myself , and i need to ask the nurse when she comes to the nurse when she comes to the nurse , &quot; you think , don &apos;t you think that you &apos;re going home ? &quot;
and the nurse thought , &quot; yes , i think we can &apos;t understand the situation . &quot;
i remember that , i remember it .
so the nurse got sick , and he came to a surgeon , and he came to the emergency staff to take her home .
and i went back to my job .
the rest of the day , after that afternoon , i had a feeling of feeling that i could get away from me .
but i continued to work .
and at the end of the day , i went home to get the hospital to leave the hospital , and i walked home to go home , and i was usually a yapmadığım .
i went through the emergency service for him .
and there was no other nurse who was sitting there , but there was only three words to me , which i knew i knew about my emergency response .
it &apos;s like what happens in other areas of medicine , but it has a different feature for medical medicine , because we can see patients .
those three words were three : are you going to kill it ?
&quot; did you remember the patient in your home ? &quot;
and he asked me directly .
he said , &quot; he came back . &quot;
he came back .
it came back .
and when i went home to my home , about a hour after i got home , i was going to go home , and the family and his family were able to get back to the emergency room , and that &apos;s what it meant when it was a serious shock .
and they rarely breathe and color color .
and the emergency staff did their best .
they gave him drugs to raise blood pressure .
you can &apos;t get it to the koymuşlardı .
and this time i was şoktaydım , and i was titriyordum .
and i was going into the ler , because i was sent to intensive care , and i was sent to the intensive care , and i was hoping that i was going to die anyway .
and it turns out that two or three days later , it &apos;s never going to happen again .
the brain damage is the brain damage .
and the family gathered .
and it was çaresizdiler for eight or nine days in front of them .
and then nine days later , when we decided that the procedure was decided , ladies , mothers , mothers , mothers .
they say they will never have names of their names .
and that was the first thing i &apos;ve ever met with this .
within a few weeks , i felt lonely and isolated for the first time in a duygusuyla sense of shame that exists in my own and medical culture , but it &apos;s not an embarrassing shame that everybody feels , because it &apos;s not konuşamazsınız .
you know , you know , it &apos;s a secret that you &apos;re talking about when you &apos;re talking about the best you &apos;re talking about , and you &apos;re going to come up with your best friend , and you &apos;re going to get your best friend , but you &apos;re going to be able to make you feel that that &apos;s the same thing that makes you sick .
and as a result of that , we never had the mistake again .
this kind of shame is a kind of öğretmendir .
and what i &apos;m talking about here is the unhealthy shame that makes you sick .
that &apos;s something that you &apos;re doing , not just what you &apos;re doing .
and that &apos;s what i felt .
and it wasn &apos;t just my fault , but it wasn &apos;t just my fault .
he talked with her family , and i &apos;m sure that he has stopped the problem , and i have blocked my case .
and i kept asking myself these questions .
why don &apos;t you care ? why did i send it home ?
and then i had some bad moments : why did i do this kind of thing ?
why did i choose medicine ?
it &apos;s been useful .
i started feeling a piece of myself .
and a day when the air was cloudy , it was a gök sky , and it started to look the sun , and i wondered , i felt better .
and i made a deal with myself , and if i had two stories to make myself perfect , and never another mistake , please listen to sound .
and they stopped .
and i went back to my work .
and then it happened .
two years ago i saw a 25-year-old man who was in the emergency ward in toronto , and i saw a 25-year-old man with pain pain .
there was density , and i was a little bit quick .
he showed it .
i looked at it , and i was a little pembeydi .
and i gave him a prescription for him and sent him .
and even when she came out of that door , he was still pointing out .
and two days later , i came to the next emergency response , and he said he wanted to talk to me about a slow voice office .
and he said three words : do you know it ?
do you remember the patient that you have seen the boat ?
as a result , it &apos;s not clear that it &apos;s not the boğazı strait .
by contrast , there is a situation that has a vital risk called epiglottitis .
you can look at google , but it can lead to the closure of your infeksiyon , but the upper respiratory path , and the lower respiratory path .
and the chance of luck was died .
the antibiotics were started , and it had been improved in a few days .
and i went back to the same embarrassment and the döneminden period , and i went back to my work , and i went back again and again again .
i jumped twice in the same emergency period .
it &apos;s somehow happening in a hospital where you see 14 patients .
i don &apos;t think they &apos;re going to go home to their homes , and i don &apos;t think any risk occurs .
one of them was i thought of kidney .
i wanted the kidney x-ray . the result was that my friend karnın , who was in the right part of the patient , got a sensitivity in the lower right-hand part of the patient and called surgeons .
we had a lot of diyare .
i proposed some suggestions that i would not have , and i told my friend that i was going to see him .
and he did it , and he was looking for tension in the lower right-hand section .
in both cases , they did their operations and patients were getting sick .
but every time i was on my hand , it seemed like i was going to catch me .
and i &apos;d like to tell you that i was in the first five years of my childhood , as i was in the worst hatalarım , as he said .
some of them are in the last five years .
you &apos;re alone , you &apos;re not alone .
the problem is : if i think about myself , and i &apos;m going to talk about myself , how do you make it feel like i &apos;m going to tell you what you &apos;re going to do if you don &apos;t know what it really is ?
how can i teach them to teach them what i do ?
so , i &apos;m going to go and see what you &apos;re thinking about in the room , as i do .
and when was the last time talking to you about mistakes ?
yes , the cocktail goes to the party , and you can stop talking about another doctor &apos;s talk , but he &apos;s talking about his own mistakes .
if i went into a room full of meslektaşlarımla and asking for their support , it would probably be a little bit of the time when they were really uncomfortable , probably when they were really uncomfortable , and they were going to start doing it , and they didn &apos;t work on it , and it was on it .
and in fact , if i and my friends were able to tell me that one of the things that i would like to do , i had to tell you that one of the things that was wrong with the wrong leg was to make a contact with the person .
so we have this system .
it &apos;s a system based on reddine .
and when you take two types of positions in this system , you can &apos;t make mistakes and error failures , sleep fatigue , and you have a very successful outcome .
and it &apos;s almost like an ideological reaction , and it &apos;s something like that .
and you can &apos;t get into a thought that if you don &apos;t make mistakes , you &apos;re going to have a safe system .
but there are two problems .
in the study of medical publishing and magazines , i did a personal work to learn everything about medical medicine and yanlışlarımla , which was the first time i wrote in the university of toronto , &quot; white , black art , black art . &quot;
and what i &apos;ve learned is that mistakes are absolutely and every time .
we &apos;re in a system that there are errors every day , and one of every 10 every 10 vaccine that is being made is wrong , and that &apos;s where the hospital causes destruction and death .
in this country , there are a lot of kanadalılar medical errors as a result of 24000 .
in the united states , medical institute is about 100,000 demektedir .
in both cases , there are great deficiencies , because we do not do what we need to do in the face of the problem .
and here &apos;s an example .
medical information is certainly increasing in the system of sleep in both or three years in the hospital system .
you can &apos;t get rid of it .
we have a great story about the front of the breast pain , with the breast pain .
now , take the same patient with breast pain , make it dry and çenesi , and you get a little bit of alcohol , and you &apos;re going to get a little bit of a sudden .
i got the same story .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i always do everything the same way .
and it &apos;s not a car ; it &apos;s not always the same way .
if you take all of this into account , mistakes are not harmful .
take a system like me , and it &apos;s possible to make a mistake , and it &apos;s going to have no one ever left out of it .
and you know about people who don &apos;t want to talk about their bad cases .
my show is &quot; white önlük , black art , &quot; i &apos;ve made a habit to say , &quot; here &apos;s my worst yanlışım , &quot; i can tell everybody , &quot; here &apos;s my worst mistake , &quot; i can tell you , &quot; this is my worst mistake , &quot; and i can tell them .
and they can grow up and grow , and they &apos;re looking down , and they &apos;re going to go down and tell their stories and tell stories .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share .
they want to say , &quot; look , you &apos;re the mistake that i do . &quot;
they need an environment that they need to do .
they need a sense of a bir medicine .
and this starts every time with a single doctor .
a insandır doctor knows it , he knows it , he accepts it , he &apos;s not proud of making mistakes , but he &apos;s not going to be able to get a lecture to somebody else .
he shares his experiences with others .
when you get rid of the mistakes , you don &apos;t know .
and it &apos;s not about the dalga of others , but it &apos;s full of love , and it &apos;s full of fun , it &apos;s not everyone .
and as a person who works in the medical culture , he agrees that he is also human beings , and people are going to do mistakes when they do the system .
it makes the system easier for people to experience their experience , and it makes it easier for everybody in the healthcare system to be able to be able to find a lot of destekleyici and supportive ways for love and destekleyici , and as people like me have done it , they &apos;re going to be able to do that .
my name is brian goldman .
i &apos;m a tanımlanmış doctor .
i &apos;m a person . i make mistakes .
so i &apos;m sorry , but i &apos;m not afraid to learn something to teach others .
i don &apos;t know what you &apos;re thinking about , but i don &apos;t know that .
and let me give myself three words : i really remember it .
this day i &apos;m going to talk about a little idea .
it &apos;s about changing baseline level .
i &apos;m going to tell you three stories about the time i &apos;m going to give you the time for a minute .
and the first story is charles darwin , one of my favorites .
you know , i was born in yılında .
you can think of i̇spinoz , but you can &apos;t .
it &apos;s actually fish fishing .
and he described it as &quot; widespread &quot; .
this is orfozuydi .
it was very common to hunting the fish by 2050 .
now these fish are the tehlikedeki species of the pacific .
now we &apos;ve heard that story many times , the galapagos islands and other places .
but we still go to galapagos .
we think it &apos;s missing .
and the broşürlerde is gösteriliyor and clean .
so what &apos;s going on there ?
the second story is that it &apos;s also a different concept , changing the bel .
in 1968 , i was doing work in western africa .
i was there because i was in europe and i wanted to work in africa .
i thought , &quot; adapt . &quot;
i &apos;ve been yandım in the sun , and i &apos;m actually convinced that i &apos;m going to get out there .
this is my first solar yanığımdı .
this is gölcük , palm palm and a little bit of mangrovlarla .
there were about 20 centimeters of tilapia fish , and they were blackthin from türünden .
the fishing fishing and the good time have been passed for this type , and ghana won more than the average of ghana .
and when i went there five years later , the fish were half küçülmüşlerdi .
you can &apos;t wait until you &apos;re five .
it &apos;s genetically engineered .
the fish were still there .
i &apos;m still happy .
the fish are also there to be there .
there was nothing changing , but everything was changed .
my third story is that i am not a criminal partner to keep fishing in southeast asia .
in the 1970s , in the early 1960s , europe made a lot of development projects .
developments in the area meant that the countries of the country , with 100,000 , would be able to make industrial fishing .
this is the name of the teknenin vessel .
this is the tekneyle sea , and in southern china , we did research in the south of the sea , especially in the java sea .
you can describe the word words .
now i understand what i &apos;m going to do , we &apos;ve caught the bottom of the sea .
90 percent of the yakaladıklarımızın is the sponge and the sea below the sea .
and obviously most of the fish were enkazda , there were corals between döküntülerin and döküntülerin .
the sea of the sea and then went back to the sea .
these pictures are extraordinary because the transitions are very fast .
you &apos;re doing research in a year and it starts commercial fishing .
it turns out that the sea is dönüştü , or soft .
this is a dead turtle .
we &apos;re going to fly back to the sea for the öldükleri .
we once caught it alive .
we haven &apos;t yet finished .
they wanted to kill for food .
fishermen have been in places where they go to fishing , but they are not protected .
we &apos;re changing our world , and we forget it .
we bring the ocean base to a new level , and we can change the old version .
if we do that , something like this happens .
suppose there &apos;s good things on the y-axis : biyoçeşitlilik , killer whales , ülkenizin yeşillikleri , water resources .
it changes over time ; the reason for change is that people are what they do or natural conditions .
each generation takes pictures at the beginning of its conscious life , and it picks it up .
he sees the difference between what happens at that moment .
but before that , they don &apos;t see what happened .
there can be changes .
at the end , if you &apos;re looking at it , it &apos;s actually a poor artıklar .
that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing now .
it &apos;s already going to go on , or it &apos;s actually not as they used to .
it may seem that they also affect prehistoric people , and they killed animals and they didn &apos;t realize they were doing this after a few generations .
because , naturally , before the ancestor of a very large animal , the number goes down .
so the animal is very large .
you lose the numbers of animals .
so these are a big loss .
over time , the big animals , and the meaning of this in the sea , are big fish .
they &apos;re going down , because they &apos;re going to kill them .
we have a lot of fish over time , we call it the base level .
the question is , why do people do that ?
because we don &apos;t know before that it &apos;s different .
in fact , many people say that this is actually very different .
they say that because earlier evidence can be used as they want .
for example , captain bilmemkim says that there &apos;s a lot of fish that &apos;s been used here by the scientists , because it &apos;s not &quot; scientific &quot; .
so the situation is that we don &apos;t know the past , but we don &apos;t know the past because we &apos;re going to rely on the resources of the past .
so the areas of prevention play an important role .
because we &apos;re redefining the history of the protection zones .
we &apos;re reinventing the history of people , because the base level is changing and it &apos;s very low .
this is , in fact , to see the protected areas , so that they can be able to recover their baseline levels , so they can redefine their baseline levels .
what if people don &apos;t have access to them ?
for them , i think the gap of art , movies and the space .
this is a simulation of the gulf of the gulf .
it was very recently , 500 years ago , there were gray whales in the gulf of körfezi .
you notice that color and color look like a .
if you think about ı , why don &apos;t you get a lot of people out of it -- you can &apos;t tell the story of it -- why are they so impressed by those images ?
because it reminded them of what they were missing .
so my suggestion is that i &apos;m going to be the only one , james cameron &apos;s avatar -- it &apos;s underwater .
thank you very much .
in the 1980s , if you have a daktilonuz in eastern germany , you can bring it to the government .
you can see the example of a written text written .
and that &apos;s what this government did to find the origin of the text .
if you put a paper in the wrong way , that &apos;s the way you put it in a piece of paper .
and we don &apos;t understand how someone can do that in the west , how much the freedom of expression can be .
i never knew that .
but today , in 2011 , if you buy a lazer laser printer , if you buy a laser laser printer , it &apos;s going to be yellow dots that show you that this page is the yellow line , which shows you that it belongs to you and your character .
that &apos;s what happens to us today .
and nobody looks like this .
and this is an example of the technology that shows us one of our tools to use our citizens .
and this is one of the three main sources of online problems today .
if we look at what &apos;s really happening in the online world , we can &apos;t attack the attacks .
we have three main members .
there are online criminals .
like this , ukraine is from the city of mister dimitry golubov .
and it &apos;s not very hard to understand the causes that bring online criminals to crime .
these guys earn money .
so many , really , they use online attacks to earn a lot of money .
in fact , the winners who earn money in online attacks have many cases .
this is vladimir tsastsin from estonia .
this is alfred gonzalez .
this is stephen watt .
this is sundin .
this is matthew anderson , tariq al-daour and so on .
these guys get online online , but they &apos;re doing this in illegal ways , and they use things like a banking virus in order to steal money in the banking market , or buy a credit card , or buy a credit card online .
the u.s. secret service had two months ago , two months ago , two months ago , the swiss bank accounts for the swiss bank account and dondurulduğunda 14.9 .
mr. jain is a fugitive -- nobody knows where it is .
and i bet that even today , the real reality of any of us is a crime victim in online online .
and clearly it &apos;s getting worse .
in the future , most of the crimes are online online .
the second big attack that we &apos;re seeing every day is not the money that leads to crime .
their reason is that they &apos;re going to protest the causes , the reasons , the reasons , the reasons .
groups like anonymous have taken a significant place in the past 12 months , and the online attacks .
so these are three main assailants : criminals who make money for money , like anonymous hackers , but the last group , governments , governments , governments .
and we &apos;re looking at similar cases like gerçekleşene .
this is the best example of what the government is going to do with its own citizens .
it was a certificate institution in the netherlands -- it was more precisely , it was .
they were bankrupt last fall because they were attacked .
one can go into systems and get completely infected .
and last week , i asked representatives of the dutch government , and i asked one of the leaders of the team , and i asked one of the leaders of the team that they could find a sense of inandırıcı .
and you can answer the answer .
how do people like this die as a result of a attack like this ?
it &apos;s a certificate institution .
they sell certificate .
what do you do ?
you need a sertifikaya , which is a safe signal , you need a sertifikaya , you need a sertifikaya code .
now we &apos;re all , or we &apos;re using a big kısmımız , or one of our competitors , but we &apos;re also popular in authoritarian states like iran , which are particularly i̇ran , because they know that they &apos;re used to the local government , and they &apos;re not going to be able to use the local government to speak to their talk .
but if you &apos;re going to go to an alien , you &apos;re going to get a stranger .
they can do fake sertifikalar , they can do it .
and that &apos;s exactly what happened in the diginotar case .
what about the arab spring and events , for example in egypt ?
in egypt , in april 2011 , the rebels found the site of the egyptian secret police , and found many paper outlets in the building .
in this case , there was a file called &quot; finfisher . &quot;
and there was a german company in this file , and it was a tool that was sold to the government of egypt for prevention -- and a large extent of the country &apos;s citizens .
the instrument will be sold to the egyptian government avroya euros .
the company &apos;s centers are right here .
so western governments provide these tools for their own citizens for their own citizens .
but western governments do that too .
for example , in germany , a few weeks ago , a few weeks ago , the so-called trojan horse was discovered by the german government authorities to study their own citizens .
if you &apos;re in a public case , we know , you know , you &apos;re texting .
but today , the situation goes beyond this .
they &apos;re going to follow the internet .
they will even use the tools called scuinst trojan , which will allow them to monitor all the iletişimizi , monitor online sohbetlerinizi listening and şifrelerinizi .
now , when we think about things like this seriously , the obvious answer we need to get from people is that , &quot; okay , it sounds bad , but it doesn &apos;t affect me because i &apos;m a vatandaşım .
why do you care ?
because we don &apos;t have the birşeyim . &quot;
and this is an meaningless one .
we &apos;re talking about mahremiyetten .
privacy is not open .
this is not the question of privacy .
this is freedom of freedom .
and right now , every rights we have in 2011 can be taken away from us forever .
and do we trust a future government that we &apos;re going to have 50 years of trust , we don &apos;t know if we &apos;re going to have it ?
so we &apos;re going to have these questions for the next 50 years .
this may sound interesting , but i love concrete .
the first concrete blocks were made in de . the idea was simple : they were surrounded by a fixed ölçüyle .
concrete blocks were the most used material material in the world .
they allowed us to do big things like bridges , bridges .
concrete blocks basically become the building blocks of our civilization .
almost a hundred years later , lego emerged with this .
they said , &quot; they &apos;re going to use automatic mode .
and at the end of the year , at the end of the year , lego found itself .
according to estimates , 400 billion bricks have been made so far ; every person in the world is 75 bricks per capita .
you don &apos;t have to be an engineer to build beautiful houses , bridges , buildings .
legos made it accessible .
in principle of lego , the steel block , the structure of the world , took it into the structure of the earth , making it a building stone .
this is the next revolution in bell labaratuvarları , and the next one is the next building .
the transistor , a small plastic unit , is going to take us into a world that is attached to each other and take it into a world that is interactive .
the concrete block , like the concrete bloc , allows you to do so much , very complex circuits .
the fundamental difference was that the transistor was only for experts .
so i decided that our time was only for experts , so i decided to change this .
eight years ago , i started thinking about the power of engineers and designers at the media lab at the media lab .
i started developing i a few years ago .
let me show you how they work .
every single one of them is electronics that have their own fonksiyonuna .
they have the functions of light , sound , motor and sensor .
and the most amazing traits are that they &apos;re going to be mıktanıs .
so it &apos;s wrong .
these blocks are colored with color .
green is blue , blue , blue , orange and cable .
so you have to put the only thing you have to do , and you can make a lot bigger circuits .
you can make light and make light .
you put a button on them and put it in a little bit .
you can change a blow by changing the lights , and you can &apos;t burn the light here .
you can go back a little further and make a noise machine .
i &apos;m going to stop here .
in addition to this simple game , it &apos;s really powerful .
it allows us to be able to do simple gestures , rather than bağlamanın , rather than bağlamanın .
it &apos;s just going to be able to speed up and accelerate it , and it &apos;s just going to slow down , so it turns out faster or faster .
the idea behind in is a growing library .
we want to make every interaction of every interaction in the world .
işıklar , sounds , solar panels , motors , everything should be accessible .
we &apos;re watching kids play and play with them .
it &apos;s an amazing experience .
the most beautiful thing is that they start to understand their elektronikleri , not in school .
for example , they understand how it works in a night , or how it &apos;s going to be clear , or how the ipod is going to be open , or how the ipod responds .
we also go to design schools .
for example , designers who have nothing to do with elektroniklerle are starting to play like a material with lerle .
here we see a kumbarayı and paper that we can see .
we took i a few weeks ago to ye and gave some designers without engineering experience -- cardboard , wood and paper . we said , &quot; do something . &quot;
you see a project that they &apos;re doing here , a konfeti ball .
this is my favorite project .
it was a istakoz from the dark of the game .
for those who aren &apos;t the engineers , it &apos;s just a different material .
we want everyone to do this stuff .
so the open-source is open source .
you can go to the web site and pick up the design files .
we want to educate the creators , the creators , the benefits , because this is the world that we live on .
so start to create .
thank you .
