do you know how many choices you do in a normal day ?
how many elections are you doing in a normal week ?
i &apos;ve done over the last year 2000 with more than a american survey , and the average number of americans is about 70 days normal .
there &apos;s another study that &apos;s recently done with ceo , which followed all the developments around the next week in the &apos; 60s .
and these scientists simply recorded all the tasks that they had in the late &apos; 80s , and they decided they spent their time when they decided they were spending their time .
in a week , the average ceo found there were about 13 of operations .
each task , of course , was part of many elections .
50 percent of the decisions were taken in less than nine minutes or less .
only 12 per cent of the decisions were taken within an hour or more .
think about your own experience .
how many of them go into the kategorisine category , nine minutes , or an hour category ?
how do you find a job doing these elections ?
today , i want to talk about one of the biggest challenges in modern life , to have a lot of options .
i want to talk about these problems and possible solutions .
when i talk about the problem , i &apos;m going to ask you to know that it &apos;s going to be going to be going to be your mother and to know .
so when i asked a question , i thought i was blind , you could just keep your hand .
or if i asked a question , i would ask you to ask the question .
the first question is : are you ready to talk about the fact that there are too many options ?
thank you .
i was at stanford university , and i was a very elite doctor , at least at that time , he was a very luxury .
it &apos;s called &quot; draeger . &quot;
it &apos;s like going to go to the mağazaya .
we had 250 different kinds of fruit and vegetables , more than 500 species of fruit and more than 25 bottle water from 25 to 25 degrees celsius , and we used to fill water at that time .
and i was going to go to this guy , and i once asked myself , how do i go without taking anything ?
this is the olive oil .
there were more than 75 species of olive oil , including those who were sold in a kilitli box .
i decided to visit a store director a day , and i asked him , &quot; is it really working so much to offer people so many choices ? &quot;
he pointed out that every day he was carrying buses with cameras .
we decided to do a little experiment , and we chose it for this .
this is the reçel .
i had some kind of reçelleri .
we set up a small store , close to the entrance of the store .
we &apos;ve put six or six different things on it , and we &apos;ve seen two things , and the first one is , in case , where are people standing in many cases , and what are they doing ?
there were more people in 24 , and about 60 percent of them came , and about 40 percent of them came out of the 6 .
the other thing we looked at was , where do we buy more people than in other cases ?
so we see exactly the effect .
only 3 per cent of the 24 per cent bought it .
30 percent of you had a 6 .
if you do it , it takes 24 times more people than six to six times as much as six to six .
it &apos;s probably the best choice we have to choose to choose our decisions , but it seems that it &apos;s so important that we have a lot of choices that are going to be able to solve this problem .
we choose not to vote , even if this is our choice .
now let &apos;s look at today &apos;s financial times .
we &apos;ve done a study that we &apos;ve done with orders from the gur , emir kusturica and the entire united states . we &apos;ve been looking at the pension program between the united states and about 650 million americans .
in a pension program , we looked at a lot more or less of retirement than the number of people offered in order to increase the number of funds .
what we found is that there &apos;s a relationship between them .
the plan we have in our hands gave people two to 59 different options .
we &apos;ve seen that there &apos;s less money than fund options .
if you look at the most recent cases of two options -- 70 percent of those plans that we want to participate in , which is not as high as we want .
about 60 per cent of the funds , including the option , is down to the &apos; 60s .
it turns out that even if you decide to join , there are even more options than you have decided , there are negative consequences .
as people choose to participate , more options are more people than the share and share funds are far from the stock exchange funds .
they can take their money more and take them all their bank accounts .
none of us in these elections are recommended to improve the future financial situation of each of us .
over the past decade , we &apos;ve seen three main causes of negative consequences for people to have more choices .
people don &apos;t even want to choose to choose their own interests .
the worse choice is worse financial elections , medical elections .
they even make choices better , even when they do better , make them less satisfied .
and the fundamental reason is : we can be able to watch the mayonez , the mayonez , the sirke , the giant , the karşılaştırma , but we can &apos;t do it and we can &apos;t do it and we can &apos;t do this amazing thing to compare them .
so what i want to propose to you today is that there are four simple , simple technical forms of research that can be easily araştırma in different ways .
number one : i &apos;m not going to .
you &apos;ve heard this before , but never before , it &apos;s more meaningful than today . &quot;
i &apos;m like , &quot; you know , &quot; people always love .
they are worried that they are losing their seats .
but what we &apos;ve seen is that if you prefer to reduce the reduction , you can choose the options , you &apos;re going up , you &apos;re going up , and the sales are getting better .
the proctor &amp; amp ; it &apos;s 15 types of &amp; &amp; amp ; it &apos;s a 10 per cent increase when it decided to sell it to marketing .
the golden wreath corporation , which sold at least 10 per cent of the cat sand , has increased by a 87 per cent . both sales and sales .
today , a supermarket offers you the average product .
it offers you a typical product today .
but today , we have the world &apos;s largest 9. , and we only have a kind of 1400 product .
we recently saw one of the best examples of the fiscal consolidation that we had in harvard , where they used the programme in the best way they used the options .
every working in harvard now is automatically available to a life fund .
there are 20 options for the election itself , not 300 or 300 .
you know , people say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to do it .
they &apos;re all very important options . &quot;
the first thing i do is to ask the employees , &quot; what is the difference of others ?
if you don &apos;t get them apart , they &apos;re not going to be able to do it . &quot;
and then before we started this session , we sat down with me at the afternoon .
he said to the audience that he wanted to send a gift to all the world &apos;s most beautiful costs .
this is the origin of the road .
i want you to go .
i &apos;m going to give you a few seconds after i &apos;m going to give you a few seconds , and if you accept the prime minister &apos;s proposal .
so who agrees ?
is it so much ?
okay , let me show you a little bit more .
don &apos;t you have a number , right ?
now , who wants to go to this tour ?
i think i &apos;ve heard more of this time .
okay .
now , in fact , the first time i first got more information than i could do , but my guess is that the second one came to you .
because the images have felt it more like this .
and this brings me to a lot of choices , and it brings me to two , two , two , and so i can .
people need to understand the results of every option to understand the results , and to see how to make the difference live .
why do people spend more than 30 per cent to 15 per cent on cash cards or credit card cards ?
because it doesn &apos;t mean money .
so it can actually be an effective way to make people more powerful than to make people more .
they &apos;re all working with shlomo and ing alessandro , and they &apos;re all working on the sidelines of this session called &quot; alessandro , &quot; where they &apos;re going to be able to register for people .
we keep everything in this session , just add something .
so what we said was , we wanted people to think about all the good things that we could do in their lives .
by doing this simple thing , 20 percent of the participants were able to get more than four percent of their accounts .
third technical : separate categories .
instead of options , they &apos;re going to be better off .
so here &apos;s a magazine that we &apos;ve done , for example .
you know , you know , if you &apos;re a wegmans magazine in the northeast part of america , you know what ?
it looks like a better choice for you than 600 magazine and 20 to 10 or 400 categories , and it looks like 400 more choices and more choices , rather than you can choose .
because the categories tell me how to put them into categories .
here are two different objects .
it &apos;s called &quot; jazz , &quot; the other is &quot; jazz . &quot;
if you &apos;re on the left , the picture on the left is jazz , if you &apos;re on the right .
well , a few .
if you &apos;re on the left , if you &apos;re on the right , you &apos;re going to be a jazz player .
well , a little more .
it &apos;s right .
on the left , you know that jazz is on the right , but you know ?
this is a very unnecessary form .
the categories don &apos;t have to be able to put on the categories .
we see this problem on the long fund lists , often .
who are preparing for information ?
fourth place : preparing the zorluğa .
it turns out that we think more about it than we think , just take some information .
the challenge is to be able to meet the level .
let me give you an example of why i &apos;m going to give you an example .
take a very complex choice : search .
here , a german company offers you a special opportunity to design your car .
by doing 60 different elections , you create your own car .
in each of these decisions , the number of options is different .
you have 56 options in the car , you have color .
motor , motor -- four options .
now i &apos;m going to do this , and i &apos;m going to take the end of these decisions .
half of the customers will choose one of the four to four of them after four colors .
half of the other customers , they &apos;re at least four ago , they &apos;re going to go to 56 options , they &apos;re going to go to four options .
what am i looking at ?
it &apos;s about how much you are .
if you don &apos;t have the option , you &apos;re going to say you &apos;re going to have a choice , which means you &apos;re not going to be able to .
what you find is that , when you have very few options , people go to the right choice , they &apos;re sitting right .
we &apos;re losing them .
when you go to the very few choices , you &apos;re going to get the right choice , you &apos;re going to get the information .
the same information , the same number of options .
the only thing i do is change the order of knowledge .
you start to decide whether you &apos;re going to decide .
he doesn &apos;t tell me how i want to choose the car , but he &apos;s preparing me to vote .
i &apos;m excited about this big product that i &apos;ve created , and i &apos;m not going to be able to make it for the ilgimin .
it &apos;s özetlersem .
so i &apos;ve talked about four options to solve many options -- i &apos;ve talked about , i &apos;ve been talking about -- you know , you &apos;re not going to have all the choices that are going to be able to make it easier to go into the categories , and make it easier .
all these techniques that i describe today were designed for you to get your head -- better use for you , you can use it , you can use it for your kendinizde .
because i think you have to choose to choose the best outcome of the elections .
it &apos;s more successful when we choose to choose in the art of choice .
thank you very much .
hi , kevin allocca , i &apos;m watching youtube and youtube videos as professional .
this is true .
today we &apos;re going to talk a little bit about how the virus is spread and why this is important .
we all want to be a star -- famous singer , singer , and i &apos;m very young -- but it looks very difficult .
but the internet has made it so much so that any of us or any creative thing that we &apos;re doing is literally a famous part of our world culture .
it may be one of you in the internet until saturday .
but every minute they &apos;re going to youtube for more than 48 hours .
and it &apos;s spread from just a very small percentage of them , and it &apos;s now being considered a cultural moment .
so how does this happen ?
thanks to three things : the trend , the participation communities and participation communities .
okay , let &apos;s start .
oh , oh my god , my god , my god .
oh my god !
vaay !
vaaayyyy !
last year , he sent this video , outside his home of the national parkındaki ulusal house .
in 2010 , 23 million times .
this is a picture of how it was the first time that happened last summer .
but we &apos;re actually going to get this video to spread .
he just wanted to share with a gökkuşağını .
because when you go to the snow , you do that .
and in fact , a lot of nature videos were inspired .
and this video actually happened in january ?
it actually happened to me that we didn &apos;t get it .
and he took this video that he could finally be so popular that he could be popular .
because the trend is that we &apos;re going to look at us like us , and we &apos;re going to make us feel interesting , and we &apos;re going to make them larger .
today , friday , we need to take action . we have to look at this friday morning , and we &apos;re going to move forward , and we &apos;re going to move forward , and we &apos;re going to be able to talk about friday . i hope that we can actually do this friday .
her song &quot; friday &quot; is one of the most popular songs of the year .
this year almost 200 million times .
so this is a picture of how to do it .
as it looks like a &quot; double circle &quot; , it looks like suddenly .
so what happened that day ?
that day , that &apos;s true .
and if you &apos;re wondering about these çıkıntıları , they &apos;re on friday .
what about that day that video was spread on friday ?
he took it , and many bloggers started talking about it .
michael nelson mandela of science was one of the first time in twitter about this .
but what &apos;s important is , the individual group , or the trend , have set up a view of the trend , and they shared a larger process by accelerating the process .
and so there was a community of people who shared their big şakayı , and they started talking about it and doing something about it .
and right now , youtube has 10,000 pages on friday .
even in the first seven days , we had a parodi for other days .
unlike the 20th century , it shows us how we are part of this phenomenon -- or by doing something new with it .
it &apos;s a whole series of animated music that is the only one that is called &quot; cat . &quot;
that &apos;s exactly what it is .
this year almost 50 million times .
and if you think that &apos;s strange , you know , there &apos;s three million hours of version of this .
even sharks were watching this video .
and he was watching this video , and he was watching this video .
but what &apos;s important here is that this engineer , a computer scientist , inspired the internet culture .
i had the remixleri .
he did a former version of time .
and then it became international .
it &apos;s just a big community that we can actually put it out of a stupid joke and become part of something that we can actually become part of .
because we &apos;re not only doing it , but we &apos;re also participating .
and who would guess that ?
who would have predicted &quot; double &quot; or could it be a &quot; , &quot; or &quot; rebecca &quot; ?
what are the scenarios that have happened in it ?
every two minutes of the video last day , we &apos;ve been able to make sure that only those unique and unexpected things are going to do in the world .
when a friend of mine in new york city told me that a man who protested the death sentences , i should not accept this wonderful video of this guy , which i should not accept .
we have a bike road to drive , but often there are obstacles that do not take advantage of the bicycle .
it &apos;s completely surprising and funny , and it &apos;s the idea of funny , and it &apos;s about seven million times the purpose of dealing with it .
and this new approach , in a creative way , is true for everything we do .
and this brings us to a big question .
what does that mean ?
it &apos;s a ahhh .
what does that mean ?
the trend is defined by the audience , the creative communities , the whole new kind of media and new kinds of properties that everybody can reach , and this kind of özellikleri culture .
i mean , as i mentioned earlier , i &apos;ve done the exit of youtube , which is one of the world &apos;s largest starlarından .
no one has to burn green light .
and now we all feel a little bit of a pop culture .
and these are not the features of the old media , and they &apos;re not quite valid for today &apos;s media , but they &apos;re not going to have any sense of entertainment in the future .
thank you .
how can i tell you a little girl that ties between three and 30 years ago with her mother , a small , little girl in her life , and her mother , who lives in san francisco , and her mother , and her mother , 10 years later , could never be able to talk to speak to you today ?
this is not a complete story .
these pieces are still part of a getirilmekte .
let me tell you a few of these pieces .
imagine the first piece : a man walks his job in his life .
he was a poet , a poet , a guy who was able to travel freely and freedom of his country .
imagine if you &apos;re going to take it as a komunist , you can imagine that your life is completely lost .
words have been familiar with him for a long time .
it was buried in silence .
he died because of the history of history .
he &apos;s my grandfather .
i had no chance to know him .
but our lives are much more than our lives .
my grandmother never allowed her life to live .
my task was to be allowed to have it , and the lesson was that we had to learn from , yes , history tried to destroy us , but we didn &apos;t have breast cancer .
and the other part of my life is the time i was in the open sea , and it &apos;s a ship in the sea .
my mother , my mother , was 18 years old -- she was 18 years old -- and she brought two girls to the world .
for him , life was a single escape : the escape of his family and a new life in australia .
it was something to have a mental illness .
after four years of hayale , a balıkçı ship opened on the sea .
adults are all at risk .
the biggest fear is piracy , rape and rape .
like a very adults , my mother was a very adults , and i had a little toxic bottle .
my sister , first of my sister , and then i was my grandmother and my grandmother .
the first time i spent my life on the ship -- the constant rhythm of the engine , the sabit , the uçsuz of the uçsuz .
i don &apos;t remember many times that the men who have been attacked , but i don &apos;t know whether they &apos;re going to be able to challenge the hackers , or the engine &apos;s broken , and they &apos;re not working for six hours .
i remember the young man who died of the malezya of the oil tower on the gulf of malaysia and died on the sea , and i remember the first trip to him , and i remember the guys that i was eating .
they &apos;re not going to be able to make any difference .
after three months in the refugee camp , we went up in melbourne .
the other part of my life is about the creation of four women together with four women .
he was a worker of footscray , a göçmen worker with demografisi .
there was nothing to be right in the middle class , unlike the middle class , where i was worried about .
the shops spread from their door came back from the rest of the world .
and the only common words in english were the exchange of people who were told to begin to start with life .
my mom worked , and then six days later , the çift car line .
in a way , he found english in english , and he won the knowledge technology .
it &apos;s a fakirdik .
all the dollars were left aside , and they were given additional math classes that were missing , and they &apos;re usually the second hand , and they &apos;re always going to be able to put together in new math classes .
it &apos;s two pair of guys that try to hide the holes in school to keep them out of their shoes .
it &apos;s a school that goes up to the bileklere , because it &apos;s been done for six years .
and even though it was too rare , there were &quot; &quot; , &quot; and there was a wall , &quot; go home . &quot;
are you going home ?
it &apos;s something that we can &apos;t do .
there was a decision , and the voice was saying , &quot; i &apos;m going to ignore you . &quot;
my mother , my sister and i was in bed .
my mother would be very tired every night , but she would tell us how she was going to live in the house , when she was sitting in the house .
my mother was going to talk about the ship at night .
and my job was to be patient when he started to see him .
he opened a computer shop , and then he got training to be a beauty expert .
and she also brought the stories of women in the world , and stories of the troubled children between men and men , who are angry to adapt to harmony .
the aid and the donors were sponsored .
the centres were established .
i lived in parallel worlds .
in one of them , i was a classic student who was a acımasız asian man .
we were able to go to the network of hayatların , diğerindeyse drugs , drugs and drugs that were tragic .
but for years , most of them have been helped .
and because of this business , the law in the last year was introduced as young people .
and they &apos;re going to go from one part of a piece of a piece of pieces , and they &apos;re going to connect each other .
he was now a resident of i̇simsiz , a refugee and social activist who had no longer been invited to talk to the houses before , and was invited to have never been invited to call it before .
i didn &apos;t know the protocol .
i didn &apos;t know how to use the gun .
i didn &apos;t know how to eat wine .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
i wanted to go back to an unknown life , and i wanted to go back to each other -- almost 20 years ago -- to tell us how we were born in the same way today , a mother , a mother , and a mother , who was still in bed , and two years in bed , and she was still in bed .
i told my mother that .
and he reminded me that i was at the same age as i was born .
&quot; no , &quot; never had a choice .
he said , &quot; do just do it , and it &apos;s like being somebody else . &quot;
so i brought together young people to ignore employment and education and to ignore their rights .
and i was asked to speak more deeply , more .
i met all people , and most of them were doing what they loved , and they had a full of their lives .
and i realized i had a career in the field of law , even though i had a degree .
i had to have another part of my life .
and at the same time , i realized that being a foreign , being a new stage , being a good thing to be on the stage -- and it &apos;s not just good , but also a gift coming from the ship , but also from the ship .
because one can mean that it &apos;s easy to get from the inside , it can mean that it can easily accept the expertise of the uzmanlık .
i &apos;m so safe to know that i &apos;m going to go out , yes , the world is divided apart , but not in any way .
it &apos;s not going to be done in an extraordinary way .
there was a power station there , there was a kind of iyimselik , tevazu , and there was a strange mix of compassion .
and i followed my internal güdülerimi .
i created a small team of small oluşturdum. , which is a team of &quot; başarılabilir &quot; .
for a year , i never paid any money .
at the end of every day , i would make a çorba , which we all share .
it &apos;s up to midnight until late .
we did a lot of our ideas , but a little bit of our ideas , and we did a big part .
and then i &apos;m going to go to the u.s.
i got the decision .
i heard again .
three months later , i was born and the adventure continued .
let me talk to you before you end .
it was also growing when social norms and important people were born .
life has been used for centuries .
his father died shortly after he was born .
her mother was alone .
her second wife , 17 years old , was her mother , and her mother was a mother of violence .
because he did not support him , he gave him a trial and created a greater extent , arguing he could not see his own trial .
it turns out that the word &quot; başarılamaz &quot; is wrong .
it &apos;s about 600 miles away in melbourne , and i was taking her eyes in a hotel room in sydney .
i saw him standing on the other side .
i knew he came to farewell .
after minutes , my mother called me .
and a few days later , we went to a chinese restaurant in footscary , and we sat around it .
we told stories and we wanted him to make sure he was still with us .
half of the night , he said he should close and close the monastery .
my mother wanted to take her hand .
he said , &quot; why should the rest be so hot ? &quot;
he said , &quot; because you &apos;ve been holding it all the time you &apos;ve been . &quot;
&quot; let me go . &quot;
if you have a energy source , it does between women and women .
for who we know who we are and how we know we are , we are no longer going to have access to our lives to our lives .
it &apos;s very easy , very easy .
i want my children to be my own , and i think about the ship .
who wants to have children ?
still , i &apos;m afraid i &apos;m going to get rid of it .
can i be able to make every single engine in their lives in a violent way , and can i guarantee a broad range of things that don &apos;t change and do nothing ?
i don &apos;t know .
but i could still make it safe , and i would do it .
and also , the mother of dan is now fourth or fourth .
i &apos;m here to share with my fotoğrafçılığımı .
so is this photography ?
because , of course , this picture isn &apos;t a photograph of the makinenizle .
yet , when i was 15 years old , my first picture started when i was 15 .
my passion has been connected with my passion , but it was a little bit different , because the process was able to use a photo machine .
and when you take a photo machine , the process is over , and the process ends .
for me , photography is also more accurate than being in the right place .
i thought everybody could do this .
so i wanted to create something different , which is what the process started when it started .
photos like this : construction is on a busy road .
but he has an unexpected game .
and yet , there &apos;s a reality .
or images like this -- both dark and dark , but it &apos;s the purpose of our common sense of humor .
and then i mean , i mean , we &apos;re not talking about realistic .
because , of course , this isn &apos;t really a picture of what i really like , but i want it to look like it &apos;s always taken with a photo machine .
you need to think of images that require a little bit of time to solve your problem .
so this is really about the idea of bringing a moment into a moment .
so what does it make it look real ?
is it something about color or color ?
is it about the işıkla ?
what does it create ?
sometimes it &apos;s created the illusion that we create .
but at the end , everything is about how we use the world , and how it &apos;s in three-dimensional surface .
this is not really what it looks like , but what we think is realistic .
so i think the foundations are pretty simple .
i think we can take these parts of reality and take the pieces of reality , create another reality .
let me show you a simple example .
there are three perfectly physical objects that are perfect here , something that we all have in three-dimensional life in the world .
but in a certain way , it &apos;s still a three-dimensional thing that looks like a boyutlu .
but we also know it can &apos;t be .
so our brains don &apos;t care about it , because our brain actually does not accept the fact that it does not mean anything .
and i also see the same pictures of the process .
this is actually about different kinds of gerçeklikleri .
so i think we &apos;re going to have a realistic picture of things , and i think we &apos;re not going to talk about anything about our lives around us .
but it &apos;s really important to think about photos , because it looks like otherwise wrong .
what i want to say is there are three simple rules that need to follow a realistic outcome .
as you can see , these pictures don &apos;t have special pictures .
but they create something like this .
so the first rule is , we have to have the same perspective of photographs .
secondly , we have to have exactly the same kind of light that we can see .
and in this picture there are two conditions in this picture -- the same condition -- the same as the light .
the third is , it &apos;s not going to be a place where it &apos;s not going to be , but it &apos;s about where different pictures are going to end , where it &apos;s not possible to go .
it &apos;s impossible to understand that the image is united .
we make the color between different images , the color of the color , the color of the field , and the depth of the field , and we add it to the depth of the field , and we can actually look at hundreds of different images , like a single layer between the sınırları and a single layer and a single layer .
here &apos;s another example .
people say this is an official land , and the bottom part is the lower side .
but in fact , this picture was all made of the photographs of different locations .
i think it &apos;s a place to create a place , and it &apos;s easier to find a place , because it has to give you the ideas that we have to give .
but this requires a lot of planning .
and i knew it was a few months to find different parts of the winter to plan and to set out different parts of the winter .
for example , the fish was taken to the official fish .
the sahiller is different .
six of the water was taken into a stone block .
and yeah , at the top of the island , i even turned the swedish house to look like it .
so to get a realistic result , i think , through planning .
it always starts with a draft idea .
then they come together to connect different photos .
and every piece here is very good .
and when you take photos , you get a good job , it &apos;s pretty good , and it can be quite realistic .
so we need all the tools that we need , and the only thing that limit us is our imagination .
thank you .
i want to talk to you about why many of the health projects have failed .
and i think the most important part of us is to listen to patients .
and one of the things we did at the university of radboud was a listening official .
it &apos;s not a very scientific way -- it &apos;s a little bit prepared for coffee or coffee , and asked the families , &quot; how does it go ? &quot;
how can we help you ? &quot;
and to us , we want to think like this , this is not all -- but it &apos;s not all -- but it &apos;s one of the big problems that the health project has failed since we &apos;ve been listening .
this is my wifi . it &apos;s very simple .
there &apos;s one button , open / closed .
and every morning , i go on .
and yes , i have a goal , as you can see .
and my goal is to be 95 pounds .
but it &apos;s so easy , when you put it on top of your google , you &apos;re going to get to google .
and he &apos;s taking this data , so he sees the weight , and i need something that i need , and i don &apos;t need something like that , but he &apos;s looking at the past .
but there &apos;s another thing .
as some of you know , there are more than 4,000 twitter in twitter .
every morning , i &apos;m going to talk to my wifi wifi , and i &apos;m starting to talk to you , and people are starting to talk to me , &quot; i think today , yemen is a little lunch . &quot;
but this is the most thin behavior that could be , because this friend would help patients in the old days -- that could be used to stop smoking for those patients .
but on the other hand , it can be used to make people work together to get more control over their health and to get more games .
starting next week , it will be ready for use .
it &apos;s going to depend on the iphone or something like that .
and people , from their homes , from their own homes , were yollayabilecek , and eventually they were able to sell it for a hundred dollars , for example .
and at this point , patients will not only be able to go back to their position , and they will not have their own captain , but they will also help us in the field of health insurance , health insurance , health insurance and health insurance .
it &apos;s easy to use techniques , and start with it to earn patients in the team .
and you can do that , you can do this kind of thing , but you can also do mass media .
i want to share with you one of the things we do with a short video .
we all have surveillance in the car .
we even have mobile phones .
we know all the places that are located in the schengen area are pretty good .
another thing we know is where gas stations are .
and of course , we can find fast food .
but where can it help the patient close ?
we asked people , but nobody knew .
he didn &apos;t know where to have the most recently found life , where he was born .
and so we did the whole dutch mass .
we set up a website and we called it , &quot; if you see it , please tell you where it is , please tell where it &apos;s open , &quot; because sometimes it can be closed in the hours of work .
and over 10,000 of the netherlands have already been sent to the site .
the next step was to find applications for him .
we did a iphone app .
we &apos;ve done an application for gerçeklik reality , which is to find these aed .
you can use an image like the union , and one can use the iphone , and in a few weeks , you can find microsoft , which is going to work closely with your cell phone call , your life expectancy .
from today , we want to introduce this to you , not just to be able to do it , but also the product called aed4us .
we want to start this worldwide .
we all around the world want our friends to help us to work on a center like a center and a center , to do all of these kitle around the world , to find out mass graves .
when you &apos;re in your time and you &apos;re going to be somebody , you can have your own bayılırsa , or you can just find it .
another thing we want is that these aed are going to help companies on the side of the world .
it can be people who do the service or the cable , like the people who are going to do it , just to see if it &apos;s still in the place of aed .
please help us about this , and not just to do better health , but to win control .
thank you .
i &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries today .
i work in the solar technology .
and the little start is to find ways to break ourselves into the environment and find that .
and this is to take into account the source of mass .
this is a short video of what we do .
wait for a minute .
it can take a little bit of time .
it &apos;s -- it &apos;s -- it &apos;s -- it &apos;s -- it &apos;s a video , instead of it .
no .
but this is ...
okay .
solar technology ...
oh , did my time end ?
all right . thank you very much .
so a few years ago , i started a program in state institutions , which would allow people to design and design technologies for almost one year to represent everything that is expected to be represented in an environment that will allow them to do everything .
it &apos;s called the program for america , and it &apos;s kind of like a little bit of technology that we can use for peace .
every year we each have a couple of friends , and we make them work together .
we send them to the third world , and we send them into urban buildings .
and they create great practices with municipal employees .
but what they actually do today is show what &apos;s possible with technology .
take it with al gore .
take a fire in boston city .
it looks like al gore here , but actually one of the things he &apos;s looking for is that he &apos;s looking for , and he knows that he &apos;s not going to be able to deal with the fire , because al gore can &apos;t have a lot of impact on the fire in the summer .
now how did al gore help with this unique road ?
last year we had a team working in boston for the program in the united states .
in february and february , snow last february .
and the municipality realized that this fire was never going to be used to fire .
but in particular , there was another friend of mine , who was a friend of mine , which was more aware of something else , which is that citizens who were in the front of the fire were not going to be able to fire .
so he did a good computer , and he wrote a practice .
this is a evlat , small , sevimli practice .
so when you get snow , you have accepted that you &apos;re going to be able to come up with this ice .
if you do that , you get the right to put it , and so the first fire that it was called green .
if you &apos;re not , somebody can play it .
there are little game dynamics within this practice .
this is a modest practice .
this is probably the smallest thing that friends wrote last year is 21 .
but this practice does something that no institutional technology can do .
it &apos;s spread across the internet .
in part of the honolulu municipality , one of them works is seeing this practice , and it &apos;s not because it &apos;s a tsunami , but it makes it realize that residents of the city have to adopt their adoption .
this tsunami study is very important , but people are playing their sirenlerin .
so this is happening that the friends of the city have allowed their residents to control .
and then he decided to use this practice , and to ensure that the city &apos;s residents could be blocked .
the chicago has yet to implement this practice , so that residents are not registered to clean up snow .
we know nine more urban cities planning to use this practice .
without such an application , natural and organic .
if you know anything about the technologies of institutions , you normally know what things are going to happen .
it usually takes a few years to supply software .
last year , a team of our team in boston worked for about 2.5 days .
this is a way to help the state school to decide which school is appropriate for their children .
and then we told us that this project would cost us at least two and two million dollars a year ago .
and that &apos;s nothing .
there is currently a project related to the tribunal systems in california that cost up to 2 million dollars and worked .
and there are projects like this , all of the state institutions .
so it &apos;s kind of a kind of warning that we have taken a few days through the internet , and it &apos;s a tradition of implementing institutions that have spread across the internet .
it &apos;s not like private companies , as they think of how to make better institutions better than what they think is .
and it &apos;s not like technology company , but it &apos;s more like the internet itself .
it means that you can &apos;t have to say that it &apos;s open , it &apos;s productive .
and that &apos;s very important .
this is also more important about implementation , which shows how the new generation takes the problems of institutions -- not the institutional problem of tradition , but the common purpose of the tradition .
this is a very good news , because it &apos;s good news , and we &apos;re very good at being shared with digital technology .
now a large group of people , together , are developing the necessary tools for efficient çalışabilmemiz .
not just for people in the american group , but for hundreds of people from all over the country , for urban applications .
they &apos;re not going to make their hope from their institutions .
they &apos;re not disappointed , of course , but they don &apos;t complain .
and these guys know something we &apos;re going to look at .
and that is , of course , if we &apos;re going to get rid of all the other things that are going on in the political institutions , and the other things that are really going to do with tim &apos;s head of institutions .
many people cut off the institutions .
if you &apos;re one of those people , i want you to think of you , because something changes .
politics doesn &apos;t change ; institutions change .
they &apos;re actually taking their forces out of us -- remember , &quot; remember , how do people think about change ? &quot;
i didn &apos;t know a lot about institutions like this program .
and i thought , like a lot of people , institutions are basically related to authorities .
after two years , i reached the conclusion , particularly the local governments are related to decentralisation .
this is an information and a call centre .
it &apos;s usually where you get the number of services you get .
if you have any chance of being able to work in the center of a call called şehrinizdeki , the team has done this as part of our programme -- you can actually understand all of the problems that can be covered in their homes , even if people don &apos;t have big problems .
scott has these answers .
the official information base is called &quot; keseli &quot; .
many things happen . they start again with animal control .
and at the end of that , he says , &quot; look , can you go out and try and go out and try and do you know , you know , you know , you can &apos;t get it out of your home ? &quot;
and that &apos;s the way it works . thank scott .
but it wasn &apos;t the end of our keseli .
there &apos;s not just a call center in boston .
we have a practice , a mobile and a mobile application , called the citizens &apos; name &quot; .
we don &apos;t like to apply this .
it &apos;s a very smart work of people from boston &apos;s new city office .
one day -- this is a real report -- this is -- &quot; this is a waste of waste , &quot; and i don &apos;t know if it &apos;s dead .
how do you get it from here ? &quot;
what &apos;s going on with the application of citizens is a little different .
scott was talking directly to the person .
but the public is open to the citizens , so everyone can see it .
and in this case , a neighbouring one saw this .
and the next report was saying , &quot; i walked out of this piece of garbage , and i found behind the house .
do you control it ? it &apos;s alive ? yes .
i &apos;m going to go back to the garbage . i walked back home .
good night , i &apos;m going to make good morning . &quot;
it &apos;s pretty simple .
this is great . this is the meeting of our physical life .
and also , it &apos;s a beautiful example of the beginning of the institutions to start making things to the public .
it &apos;s also a beautiful example of getting institutions into a platform .
i don &apos;t mean , i don &apos;t mean , here .
i &apos;m talking about the people and the people to help them .
one citizen helped another citizen , and institutions played a key role here .
he brought these two people together .
if they needed institutional services , they would be able to meet the institutions , but according to the neighbouring , they are better and cheaper .
when we help each other , we help our society .
if we can control the animal unit , it costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things we need to think about institutions is that politics is not the same .
many people understand this , but as one of them , they see one .
our institutions are also used in the system of kurumlar .
how many times we chose a political leader -- and sometimes we spent a lot of time to choose our energy , and then we spend a lot of political leaders to choose a new leader -- and then we expect our values , and our values , our values , our values , our values , our values , our values , our values , and our institutions .
this is like a huge ocean , and the ocean is like it &apos;s like the top 20 feet of it .
and we call this surface of bureaucracy .
we &apos;re telling a word of hate .
and it turns out that we have hate , which is what we pay us to do , is turn it into something that works against us , and then we can get ourselves .
people think politics is interesting .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make it attractive .
because it &apos;s where the actual work of state institutions is done .
they can connect the mechanisms of state institutions .
and this is what his movement does .
did you see these friends ?
a group of citizens have written a very detailed report on 25 pages , saying this report was a response to the financial reform bill .
it &apos;s not active to be politically active , but it &apos;s active as bureaucratic .
now , it &apos;s time for us to leave our children with the world that we want to leave with our children .
we need to see that we need to be able to see a lot of these big zorluklarını .
do we really believe that we have to get to that point where we &apos;re going to reach that point ?
we can &apos;t do institutions without institutions , but we need more effective institutions .
the good news is that the technology institutions are basically strengthening the functions of state institutions , making it a way to put the civil society into a framework .
there &apos;s a generation that &apos;s grown outside , and they know that it &apos;s not so hard to do something together , they know that it &apos;s not just the right systems .
our average age of our friends is 28 years old , and i &apos;m a generation of them , almost from them .
this new generation is very imtiyazlılar about getting their voice .
they &apos;re not going to talk about who we are going to talk about who , they &apos;re all talking about .
they always do their thoughts , they always do it , and they do it .
so when they face a problem with the state institutions , they were very interested in getting their voices .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write practices that will enable the state institutions to work better .
and these practices give us the opportunity to use our hands better .
it could be a fire that could be a side to clean up the trees , clean them in the wild , turn it into a garbage box .
well , of course , we can have been on fire since then , a lot of people do .
but these practices are not only consumers , but consumers are going to be able to pay taxes and sell consumers with digital services .
we &apos;re more than that , we &apos;re the ones .
and we have to explain the concept of citizenship , and we have to manage state institutions .
so the question for everybody here is that we have to do all the time together , together , we &apos;re going to be able to do big things , and we &apos;re going to be just going to be the crowd , or we &apos;re going to be able to be the ones ?
thank you .
i usually start to tell people how wonderful new technologies are , and i &apos;m going to tell you what i &apos;m thinking about here , what i &apos;m thinking about is that technology is really boring , and it &apos;s just so hard to tell you what &apos;s happening here .
if you &apos;re on the slide .
this is a random slide of a slide .
i want to show you the shape of it , rather than what i want to do .
this is a slide of some of the networks that we &apos;ve done about the power of local networks , in response to the power of local networks .
what &apos;s interesting about this slide is that it &apos;s a sort of straight line that we have , like a lot of technology that we have in a lot of times , is a sort of straight line .
in other words , every step here shows a scale of size .
and what we &apos;re talking about is this new thing that we &apos;re talking about in half the graph .
it &apos;s really strange things here .
and that &apos;s basically what i &apos;m going to talk about .
if you &apos;re going to have the lights .
i &apos;m going to make some more light , because i &apos;m going to use a piece of paper here .
now , why are we going to be able to measure half the mathematical curve ?
the answer is , let &apos;s say , if you put this on a normal curve , this is a kind of a kind of curve of time , which technology i &apos;ve been working on , and it looks a little bit more absurd .
it goes like this .
and they &apos;re going to give us a lot of things .
now , for example , a different line of transportation technology , which is a straight line that looks like a straight line on the curve of the curve of transportation .
but when it comes to something like this , it &apos;s changing , it &apos;s changing .
so i could have been in tokyo for 30 seconds , and 30 seconds , if we were able to move the technology of transportation technology to the mikro .
but this is how we do it .
this is not something that is seen in the history of technological development in a couple of years , has been seen in our own growth .
so what i want to ask is , if you look at these üssel , they don &apos;t continue forever .
maybe they &apos;re fast enough to change .
two things will happen .
it &apos;s going to be completely different , or it &apos;s going to be like a classic , klasik , or so forth .
that &apos;s what they can happen .
as an optimistic , i think that &apos;s probably going to happen .
so , if that &apos;s happening right now , it &apos;s a transition that we are in the middle of what we are .
it means that the transition of a new line that the world used to be used to be a new state .
so what i &apos;m trying to ask myself is what this new shape of the world that i &apos;m standing on .
what is the new situation in the world ?
because it turns out there &apos;s a lot of change in the middle , but it looks very complicated .
when i was a growing child , it was something like in 2000 , and people were going to know what happened in 2000 .
here &apos;s a conference that people talk about the future , and as you &apos;re talking about , it &apos;s still going to be in 2000 .
it &apos;s almost the largest distance .
i mean , it &apos;s going to be like the next year for the whole life , it &apos;s going to be smaller than the next year .
i think the reason is because we all feel there is something there .
this transition is happening . we &apos;re all born .
and we know that 30 years ago , it doesn &apos;t mean to design more than 50 years , because it &apos;s so different that everything we &apos;ve done , it &apos;s not a simple meaning that we &apos;ve done .
so what i want to talk about is what these changes are going through the past .
i &apos;m going to talk about a couple of things that don &apos;t have to do with technology or computers .
i think the only way we can do this is to go back and go back to something that &apos;s a long time .
i want to look at this in the world of life .
i think when you look at this a few billion years of history , the picture begins to gain meaning .
if you go back to two and a half billion years and a half , it was part of a huge rock , which is very inefficient around the world .
so if we look at how these chemicals are organized , we start to have a lot of ideas about how they do this .
but i think there are some theories that begin to understand how this is about dna , but i &apos;m going to tell you a simple story about a story , and i &apos;m going to tell you a little bit about all these little bits of oil in them .
and some of them are a special chemical kombinasyon that allows them to take oil from outside , take them from outside .
and that way it starts to split and split .
this little fat fat is the most primitive cell .
they weren &apos;t really alive today &apos;s oil , and they &apos;re not really alive , because each one of them was a chemical .
and it &apos;s a division of chemicals that are not equal to their own .
so it was a little different .
in fact , we &apos;re going to be able to grow more of these chemical chemicals in a different way that &apos;s going to be better involved in the chemicals and the chemicals .
these are becoming more than a long life .
now , it &apos;s kind of a very simple life , but when you &apos;re learning about these things , you know , you know , you know , you know , it &apos;s going to have a lot of fun .
they learned that we didn &apos;t understand a lot of information that we didn &apos;t understand .
they learned that the cell had learned the information called the dna , which is called dna .
in other words , they discovered a form of recording , which allows us to record what they &apos;re on a evolutionary way , in a way that allows them to record .
what &apos;s surprising is that this pattern of recording has remained unchanged since it was two and a half billion years ago .
in fact , our code is exactly the same as the genlerimiz and the same form .
in fact , all live beings are written in the same kind of code and the code .
in fact , one of the things i do is just fun with this code , which is something i did with .
so here , there are 100 white tozum , where i work with security missions .
there &apos;s a standard code that we use to express it in the code , which i &apos;ve done , and i &apos;ve written this code , which is a piece of dna that i &apos;ve written on a piece of dna .
if you have 100 million copy of this room , everybody in this room has a lot of stuff . in fact , everybody in the world is here .
if i was really a egoist , i would put it into a virus and put it into the room .
so what &apos;s next step ?
it &apos;s an interesting step to record dna .
and that &apos;s where these cells are happier for a few billion years .
but then , there was a very interesting step in which everything was completely different , so that these cells started to exchange information , and they started creating cells .
i don &apos;t know if they can , but bacteria can actually exchange dna .
so for example , this is why the vaccine evolved .
some bacteria have discovered how to get rid of the bacteria , and the other bacteria , together with other bacteria , have now spread out the dna information , and there &apos;s a lot of bacteria that can communicate with bacteria .
this communication allows communities to create the same ship together in a sense .
so they had to live together , or they failed , so that the community was more than the evolution of all the individuals in the community .
the transformation point is that these communities , in fact , come together , come together and decided to write a single dna on the entire island of the community .
and the next interesting stage for life took about a billion years .
and at this stage , we now have a lot of cells that function as a single organism , a whole variety of different types of cells .
in fact , we &apos;re very excited about this .
we now have a lot of hücremiz for themselves .
skin skin cells , the heart cells , without the brain cells .
so these communities began to grow up , so that the interesting level of evolution is no longer a single organism we call a single cell .
the next stage was in this community .
these cell communities began to get information again .
they started to develop very special structures that don &apos;t do anything outside the community .
these are neurons .
these neurons are creating neurons , and they &apos;re going to process information .
they &apos;re actually in the community , and they &apos;re in charge of having information and information in the community and the structures that are responsible .
these are the brain and the neurons of the community .
and this gave them a evolutionary advantage .
because at this point , an individual learning , learning is the time of a single organism in a single organism .
so , for example , because a organism is bad , and it &apos;s a certain kind of hastalandığından , which is a certain kind of meyveyi .
this is the only organism &apos;s life expectancy , and this is what we &apos;ve done in a single life , but we &apos;ve got to eat special information processing structures before hundreds of thousands of years of evolutionary individuals died .
in fact , the nervous system has stepped up all of these special information processing structures .
because evolution is no longer a single one .
this is in learning time .
and then , of course , the individuals learned about their communication .
so for example , the most sophisticated version of this is the human version .
if you think about it , it &apos;s quite surprising .
i have a very complex thought in my mind and a oldukça .
and i &apos;m going to sit down here and i &apos;m hoping to create a kind of surprising thought that &apos;s based on the sounds of your head , the sound that &apos;s in your head .
by taking something that &apos;s very complex , we &apos;re creating something that is very complicated in your brain , and we &apos;re making it very complex .
so this is the only organism that allows us to work like a single organism .
so what we &apos;re doing is that we &apos;re actually being human beings , we &apos;re not going to be able to live .
we &apos;re going through the same process of living organisms , where we &apos;re going to present information , process information , and processing and processing .
for example , language is a very small step in this direction .
computers , video , video games , all the things that we &apos;ve created in our society to deal with this information , to deal with all this information .
and they connect each other to something much bigger than we &apos;ve been before .
now evolution can happen in seconds .
you saw the evolution program in front of your eyes in front of your eyes as a small example of evolution .
so we &apos;re now in a situation where we &apos;re going to spend more time than we can .
it took you a billion years to tell you the first step of the story .
the brain system and the brain , like the brain , took the next hundred million years .
language , like language , said , took steps more than a million years .
and this electronic steps seem to take just a few decades .
the process leads itself , and i think it &apos;s the most appropriate word for change in your own way .
it changes faster .
and i think that &apos;s what we see here in this curve .
we see this process itself .
i &apos;m building computers , and i know it &apos;s impossible for me to use computers without the latest developments that i &apos;ve been using computers without computers .
now , the more complex objects are so complex that it &apos;s really impossible to design them in traditional ways .
i don &apos;t know what every single link is doing .
there &apos;s milyarlarcası there .
instead , what i think is that designers and designers are doing is a little bit of abstract , giving it a little bit more abstract , and it allows us to do it faster and faster .
and in fact , sometimes we don &apos;t understand this in ways that we don &apos;t understand .
it &apos;s a particularly interesting way of evolution that i use recently .
so what we &apos;re doing is a process of evolution that comes into the machine , which is going into a mikro scale .
so , for example , you can start with a program starting in the most random cases , starting in random cases .
so for example , &quot; computer , please give me a hundred million computers . &quot;
now please put all these random instructions on all of this time , and all these programs that i want to do the most close thing i want . &quot;
in other words , it &apos;s a isteğimi .
so for example , i &apos;d like to do the number numbers i did with him .
now we &apos;re going to find the most recent programmes .
well , of course , the number of random programs is that there &apos;s no possibility that you can actually do that .
but one can put two numbers on the right place .
and then i say , &quot; please know , take the best thing to do is al gore .
don &apos;t have any of those .
now we &apos;re going to get the best numbers back .
and we &apos;re going to get them back to the gender restructuring process .
two program programs change children and lower child programs , and each one child is a legacy of the alt programmes .
now , i have a new generation of programs that make a little better job , and i have new programmes .
let &apos;s say , &quot; let &apos;s call the process . &quot;
score again .
there &apos;s a few genes .
and try this again and do another generation .
every single one of these jenerasyonların takes a few seconds .
so i can do a computer evolution within a million minutes , just in a few minutes , or in complex situations .
at the end of my hand , i certainly have the programs that i &apos;ve done perfectly .
in fact , these are more than my programs .
now if i look at these programs , i can &apos;t tell you how they work .
i tried to study them , let me tell you how they work .
understanding power , weird programs .
but he didn &apos;t work .
in fact , i &apos;m sure they &apos;re going to work because they &apos;re going to get hundreds of thousands of programs to work .
they &apos;re actually connected to their lives .
and he took a card with birkeresinde 747 , and he said , &quot; oh , look , look at this .
&quot; do you make sure that you have hundreds of thousands of little pieces that work together to make you safe ? &quot;
we actually know that the engineering process is not working very well .
we &apos;re starting to rely on computers in very different processes .
it allows us to do more complex things than ordinary people give them a lot more complex .
and we don &apos;t have many options where they have yet .
in a sense , it &apos;s moving ahead .
we &apos;re using these programs now to produce more quickly , faster computers .
so he &apos;s listening to himself .
and it &apos;s getting more and more , so i think it looks very complicated .
because all these technologies are eating themselves .
we go through the kalkışa .
it &apos;s a time when organisms are beginning to turn into very cells into organisms that are very similar .
so , we are the ones and we &apos;re in the love of god .
it &apos;s a complete transition .
and i think there &apos;s something that really comes from the ardımızdan .
to think that we &apos;re the ultimate product of evolution , i think it would have been a lot to think .
the next thing is , we &apos;re all part of the production of it here .
it &apos;s approaching lunch , and i think i &apos;ll end up here before i &apos;m going to eat it .
my story actually starts right here two years ago , right here .
one night , a star , ali çölde , was born with a sufi .
and we &apos;ve been talking about the old india , since the time of &quot; the mahabharata &quot; , &quot; the old india .
at that time , when we want to travel , the greeks were able to jump into two cars that we wanted to jump into the sky .
now we do the same thing .
at that time , the great indian prince , the prince of the indian prince , put it in a place and put it in and off the water .
now we do the same thing , and we &apos;re doing drilling .
and the result was , the machines that we had , the magic .
and this is really a lot of me .
i realized that i started a little bit when i started with my teknolojeden .
i was shocked by the idea that i could take my photographs without a photo , and i could just take my friends to the twitter and put me off the day and put me in my mind .
and i thought that technology should be able to kill it , instead of killing .
when i was a little girl , my father gave me a little gümüş .
and that &apos;s the magic thing in the world for me , 50 years of technology .
the hackers became a golden gate of the world , which was full of ships and ships with images .
so i felt that i was going to be able to imagine that i was going to be able to create a kind of cep , cep , cep , süslü camera .
it &apos;s a esinlenmemizi .
and so i built the technology world , and i was able to see how to kill it , instead of killing it .
i &apos;ve been drawing pictures for books since 19 years old .
and when i saw the iphone , i saw it as a story that would connect the readers all over the world .
you know , how to do it .
we don &apos;t know where we are .
the picture and the picture brings together the voice and the dokunuşu .
the story becomes more complicated than the story .
so what do we do with this ?
i &apos;m actually going to show you the iphone , which is an application .
he says , &quot; put your finger on each side of light . &quot;
and so -- he says , &quot; this box belongs to the person ... &quot; and i write this step here .
and i actually become a character in the book .
in various locations , i come up with a little letters -- and i know where the gps is -- it shows me that it &apos;s actually showing me .
and this kind of thing that i &apos;m really excited about is the child in me .
i &apos;ve talked about it too much .
and i don &apos;t mean that , and i mean , i mean , i mean , when i &apos;m a magic magic kid , ideas are all of us .
i &apos;m not going to have an idea that i &apos;m going to be able to get me all the time .
and here i &apos;m going to go out to the iphone , and i get out .
and in fact , you &apos;re going to go through the book .
and the idea that i was a kid really fascinated me is that all of the galaxies are in a single galaxy .
and here , every book and every single world includes a little bit of a magic device inside the device .
and it opens a map .
since the beginning , it has been the map of all fantastic books , but these maps are maps .
this is a map that is growing , and it &apos;s a growing , which is going on in the end of the book .
it comes out at certain points of the book .
i &apos;m going to go inside .
the other thing that &apos;s really important for me is that it &apos;s unique , but it &apos;s also a very modern content .
this is what you see here .
we &apos;ve all heard before , and we &apos;ve heard about it , but how many people outside india know that they &apos;re going to be brothers ?
they had been closed for thousands of years in their old kitaptaki and küf rooms in a book .
and we bring them back to a modern child .
and it &apos;s really a story that is interested in new problems like environmental crises .
now , when we talk about environmental concerns , i think the big problem that we &apos;ve been facing in the last 10 years is that kids are going to stay in their rooms , they &apos;re not going to stay out in their rooms .
but now with the mobile technology , we can get out of our çocuktarımızı , we can pull out of nature .
one of the things in the book is that you can &apos;t get out of the iphone , and you can take pictures of different natural objects and take pictures of the iphone .
when i was a little kid , i had various rocks , the stone stones , and the sea stones .
and so kids don &apos;t do it anymore .
this childhood is going out in a section to bring back the back of your childhood , and in a part , you can pull a picture of the flower and pull it in .
in another part , a tree can take a picture of a tree , and you can also see it .
and so you actually create a digital photography collection .
in london he &apos;s a child &apos;s picture of a child , and he says , &quot; i &apos;ve seen this today . &quot;
one child in india said , &quot; i &apos;ve seen a monkey today . &quot;
and it really creates a kind of social network around a digital collection of photos .
magic , world and technology are really too many possibilities to bring together .
so in the next book , we &apos;re working on video footage , and we &apos;re working on a gerçeklik relationship , and you can see the hareketli of your house outside your house , which comes out of your home .
at one point , we &apos;re not going to be able to make our ekranınız .
and you have to make the wind sound for them , and then you read the book further .
we &apos;re moving towards a world where nature &apos;s forces are coming to technology and magic and technology , and we &apos;re all moving together to the world .
we get energy from the sun .
we &apos;re going to take our kids and our kids to the natural world through a simple story that we have , that we have childhood and entertainment .
thank you .
this is a great honour for me .
i spent most of my life in cells , in prison cells .
i spent a lot of my time on high income groups , and in projects that have lost hope for me .
and it &apos;s very exciting to be here at ted and see this call , to hear me .
what i &apos;ve spent here is that ted is a identity .
you can tell you something really going to help the world .
when some things come out of ted , they have the power and power to do something else .
i &apos;m talking about it because identity is really important .
we &apos;ve watched some great presentations .
and i think we &apos;ve learned that something that comes out of the öğretmenseniz , but if you really care about something that &apos;s really important , it &apos;s particularly important to our söyledikleriniz .
you can do a good thing , but if you can do something that &apos;s worth , you can do something else .
i want to talk to you about the power of identity .
i didn &apos;t notice that when i was working in law or doing my work .
i learned that i didn &apos;t know .
i grew up in a traditional african family ; my family was a woman ; my family was a woman , a woman , and she was strong , and she said .
they were able to make the outcome of all discussions in the house .
it was a lot of people who started the debate .
it was a family that was really slavery .
her father was born in virginia , virginia in virginia .
he was born in the 1880 and was born to come from slavery to the world .
it &apos;s not , but it &apos;s also the sevecendi .
when i went to see a little boy , i was so hard to see him , so hard that i could breathe .
when i saw him over a second , he said to me , &quot; you &apos;re still feeling you ? &quot;
i said , &quot; no . &quot; i &apos;m going to say , &quot; yes , &quot; yes , i &apos;m comfortable with me .
he had such a feature , which he always wanted to be on his side .
the only problem had 10 children .
this is her 10 children &apos;s youngest son .
sometimes when i went to spend time with him , it would be difficult to take attention and time .
they &apos;re everywhere in the kuzenlerim .
when i was eight years old , i remember going to get up to my head , and i remember all the kuzenlerimin .
my grandmother sat in front of the room and looked at me .
i thought i &apos;d play a game before .
i can look at her and look at her , but she &apos;s very excited .
20 minutes later , 20 minutes away from the room , came to the other side of the room , and he said , &quot; let me talk to you . &quot;
i remember this as though yesterday .
i will never forget .
he took me out , and he said , &quot; well , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but i &apos;ll tell you that . &quot;
i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;m going to die . &quot;
he said , &quot; calm . &quot; of course . &quot;
and then he looked at me , and he looked at me , and he said , &quot; i want you to hear you . &quot;
&quot; i think you are the ones .
you can do whatever you can . &quot;
i &apos;ll never forget that .
and then he said , &quot; i want you to talk to me three things . &quot;
i said , &quot; well , you know . &quot;
&quot; my first wish for you , i &apos;ve always met my son .
i want my little daughter and my daughter to tell her that she will always have a look at her . &quot;
i &apos;ve already told my mother , &quot; yes , i &apos;m going to die . &quot;
and then he said , &quot; the second thing i want you to do is always the right thing to do , even if it &apos;s hard to do the right thing , &quot; he said .
i thought a little bit and i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;m going to talk . &quot;
and finally , he said , &quot; i have never been able to drink you , &quot; he said .
i was nine years old , so i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;m going to die . &quot;
in the south , i grew up in a rural area , and there &apos;s a big girl in the age of me , and i have a little sister .
when he was 14 years old , he came home with a beer package -- i don &apos;t know where he was -- and he took me to the area and took me to the site .
we were doing three children there , and we were always doing it .
he got a biradan , and he gave me a girl , and he took a little bit and gave me .
i said , &quot; no , no , no . you don &apos;t need . i &apos;m not going to . &quot;
he said , &quot; let &apos;s go . we &apos;re going to do this today , and you have to do it .
i got a little bit of a brother , and he took it . &quot;
i said , &quot; no , that doesn &apos;t come true to me , for you . &quot;
and then he started to look at me on the straight line .
he said , &quot; what are you going to do ? it &apos;s internal . &quot;
and then he looked at me , and he said , &quot; i hope you &apos;re still going to be able to make your ninemizle . &quot;
i said , &quot; you &apos;re talking about why . &quot;
he said , &quot; you know , they &apos;re all special . &quot;
it &apos;s a yıkılmıştım .
i &apos;m going to admit you something here .
it &apos;s probably what we need to do .
this is going to be published in big kitlelere .
but i &apos;m 52 , and i &apos;m going to admit that i &apos;m going to admit that i &apos;m going to give you a drop in my life .
i say it &apos;s not because it &apos;s a lot of organic , but because of the power that we have .
we can tell the right identity , and we can tell the things that aren &apos;t really rational around us .
they don &apos;t tell them what they think they &apos;re thinking about .
and when i think about it , i think , of course , that we &apos;re going to have all the parents .
so my father was not going to drink .
we &apos;re not going to get rid of the diseases that we have in our dayılarım .
and that &apos;s what we need to do .
i &apos;ve been trying to say something about justice until now .
our country is very different than 40 years ago .
in 1989 , there were 300,000 people in the prisons .
today , there are 1.3 million people .
the united states is the world &apos;s most prison sentence .
there are seven million people who have been evacuated or released .
well , i think it changed our way of our collective world .
in the poor neighborhood , the poor , the ırkların lived in different parts , there &apos;s a fear for this situation .
one of the three men between 18 and 30 years of age between 18 and 30 , or in jail , or in jail , was released from prison .
in cities across the country -- in los angeles , los angeles , los angeles , washington -- is about 50 percent of the men who are not in jail or not in jail , or in jail .
our system is not just about race , but also because of poverty .
our justice system in this country , if we are white and white , is better than the poor and innocent ones .
the consequences of the crime are based on a lot of assets .
yet , we seem to be very rahatmışız .
fear and fear policy are like these are the derdiymiş of somebody else .
connection was broken .
this is interesting to me .
i see some interesting developments in my lab .
my eyaletim , like some other states , is going to take your hands if you have a vote .
now 34 per cent of the black men in florida lost their right to vote .
according to him , the turnout of the vote in the next ten years will be equal compared to the previous law of voting .
and there &apos;s an amazing silence .
i represent the children .
many young people are young .
the united states is the only country in the world to sentenced 13 to 13 years in prison .
children in this country are sentenced to death without a provisional release .
these cases are really happening .
the only country in the world .
i represent the people that i can be able to represent .
it &apos;s very interesting to the death penalty .
in many ways , the real problem is that people don &apos;t want to die because of crimes they committed .
this is a really rational question .
but we can ask the question differently , according to the identity we have .
if we do that , we don &apos;t want to kill people who are going to die because of the crimes they have to do , we &apos;re not going to kill us .
i think this is incredible .
the death penalty of the death in america has been created .
we found that every nine people were guilty for one person , and that person was innocent .
it &apos;s an amazing mistake -- every nine people are innocent .
it &apos;s amazing .
one of the nine aircraft , each of them , was allowed to fly without any flight .
but somehow we can &apos;t solve ourselves from this problem .
it &apos;s not our problem .
it &apos;s not our derdimiz .
it &apos;s not our kavgamız .
i &apos;m talking very much about these issues .
i &apos;m talking about the irk and the etmediğimiz of killing .
this is very interesting , i &apos;m talking to the african students to them about slavery .
i &apos;m talking to them about the process of restructuring and the second world war that followed this .
they don &apos;t know a lot about it .
but it was a time for african americans , to fight terrorism .
many communities are in danger of being isolated .
it &apos;s a bombalanmaktan .
it &apos;s the kind of terrorism that shapes their lives .
these guys come to me and say , &quot; mr. bay , you &apos;re talking to people , you &apos;re going to talk to people for the first time , and then you tell people that they are facing terrorism , &quot; they say .
they say , &quot; we grew up with these . &quot;
and of course it followed the years of terrorism and discrimination .
and unfortunately , in this country , we &apos;ve been able to talk about it in common .
we can talk about our history .
because of that , we have exactly done what we do in history .
we &apos;re always going to be able to connect with each other .
we have constant tension and conflict .
we have a challenge , because i think we don &apos;t want to give ourselves to the truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people understood the truth and the adanmadan of reconciliation .
in rwanda , even during the genocide , we had genocide , but we managed to do this in this country .
i gave a lesson about the death penalty in germany .
and i was worried , because one of the people who was sitting next to me was going to stand up and say , &quot; you &apos;re going to hear a lot of people .
there is no prison sentence in germany .
it can never be a death penalty in germany , &quot; he said .
the room can never be a woman and a woman says , &quot; we can never allow our people to death in a systematic way .
in a way , it would be our obligation to kill people , &quot; he said .
i thought about that .
how would it be to live in a world where the german state would be living in a world where the jewish people were living in this world ?
i &apos;m not going to call that .
this would be the vicdansızlık .
but we are killing people in this country in the old south , and if there are 11 times more men than the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims , the rate that if they are more than the black and more than the ones that are buried on their territory of the white shark .
but there &apos;s still a bağlantısızlık .
i think it &apos;s our kimliğimiz .
we don &apos;t care about these hard things , we give positive and wonderful things .
it &apos;s a buluşlara .
it &apos;s not about technology . it &apos;s about creativity .
it &apos;s fun .
but in fact , these facts are acıyla , istismarla , ayrışmayla .
and i think i &apos;m going to tell you two things .
because in fact , more hopeful , we &apos;re talking about more about the problems of living in a complex world , more complex world .
for me , this means to talk about the opportunity to come to ted , to ted .
it becomes part of our lives .
you know , in fact , we all have to believe things we don &apos;t see .
we &apos;re not going to die . we &apos;re so convinced that the way the mind is .
innovation , creativity , development doesn &apos;t mean just ideas .
it comes from ideas that we can take power from our minds and create power .
and to me , this connection allows us to look at things that are not just bright and bright , but also to look at dark and dark things .
the great czech leader , miroslav lajcak , talked about this .
&quot; as we tried to cope with the pressure in eastern europe , we wanted to deal with everything , but we needed the most , and sometimes to witness in our lives , sometimes , &quot; he said .
i think this spirit should be based on ted communities &apos; commitment .
it doesn &apos;t allow us to suffer from technology and design as long as we don &apos;t allow us to be fully human in the process that we don &apos;t care about , we don &apos;t care about ourselves .
but it &apos;s more difficult for you to have this kind of identity than to have them .
you &apos;ll understand that .
i grew up with a young boy , and i was at the honour of a parks .
in the meantime , she was in the meantime , and her best friend , the king , the yaşlıca yaşlıca , dr. otobüs otobüs , a great white woman -- dr. virginia , dr. virginia , dr. virginia , a white woman .
this is women coming together and they just come together .
and by the way , my wife comes to me and she says , &quot; thank you , i &apos;m going to come to the city , and we &apos;ll talk to the city .
do you want to listen and listen ? &quot;
and i would say , &quot; well , of course . &quot;
he said , &quot; what would you do ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to die . &quot;
i would go there and listen to it .
it gave me energy and power .
when i was listening to these women , i was listening to me a few hours later , and i told me , &quot; now , let me tell me what happened to the justice initiative .
tell you what it works . &quot;
i started telling him .
&quot; we are trying to fight our adaletsizlikle .
we &apos;re trying to help people who are unfair .
we &apos;re trying to fight discrimination and discrimination in judicial administration .
we &apos;re trying to help children who are not allowed to release the provisional release talks .
we &apos;re trying to do something about the penalty .
we &apos;re trying to reduce the number of people in the world .
we &apos;re trying to stop the mass destruction . &quot;
and i told him that i was going to tell him , and he looked at me , and he looked at me and he said , &quot; i &apos;m not going to have a mmm .
it will reduce you so far , &quot; he said .
and she was going to put her fingers down to me , and she said , &quot; well , that &apos;s why you should be very bold . &quot;
i really believe that ted society should be very bold .
we need to find ways to deal with these challenges , to address the challenges .
because it depends on everyone &apos;s minds .
i learned some very simple things to do my work .
he taught me a lot of simple things .
i understand that each of us is worse than what we do .
i think it &apos;s like this for everybody on the planet .
i think it &apos;s not just a lie .
i think it &apos;s not just a hırsız , although someone has nothing to do with yourself .
i think even one of them is a killer .
that &apos;s why we can &apos;t get rid of human rights by law .
also , i think that this country and in many countries , is not in the sense of poverty .
i don &apos;t believe that .
i think in many places , justice is the opposite of poverty .
and i think it &apos;s so beautiful , i think it &apos;s exciting , but it &apos;s kind of exciting , and it &apos;s the end of the teknolojimizle , the yargılanmayacağız , the zekamızla and the mantığımızla .
and then finally , the character of a society , the rich society , and how to get rich , to the poor , to the poor , to the poor , to the poor , to the poor .
we understand our own attitude through this .
sometimes i &apos;m going to die . i &apos;ll end with this story .
sometimes i &apos;m very excited about myself .
it &apos;s all like we are , we &apos;re all born .
sometimes these ideas are really important to them .
i represent the children of very heavy penalties .
i &apos;m going to go to the prison in 13 years old , to see if a adult verdict was made .
and i think , how did this happen ?
how can a judge tell you what you &apos;re going to do ?
the judge decided he was a adult , but i see this child .
i was thinking late at night , my god , if you &apos;re a judge , you must have magic powers to do something .
okay , there &apos;s magic forces of the judge .
i &apos;m going to talk to you about that .
i started working on a motion , which i was standing in the late hour .
he was 14 years old , he had a poor black , zavallı .
and i started working on it , and i started working on it and said , &quot; the poor man , 14 , black men , black , black , white , white company manager . &quot;
i put it in my office , in my office , in my opinion , in the judiciary .
it &apos;s kind of crazy , you know , there &apos;s no standards in this country , all the time .
i &apos;d seen the next morning i saw this crazy idea , or i actually wrote it .
it &apos;s exciting , it &apos;s not just going to go to court .
it went through a few months , and it &apos;s new .
finally , i decided to go to court , and i was going to do that crazy .
i was walking down , and i was really disappointed .
i went to the arabama and went to the adliyeye .
i thought it would be very difficult and painful .
i went down to my office and started walking around the courts .
there was a black temizlikçisi in the court , while there was a black hole .
when he saw me , he asked me , who i was right .
i said , &quot; don &apos;t you . &quot; you &apos;re a lawyer ? &quot; and i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
the man was right , and he came close to me .
kulağıma
&quot; i &apos;m proud of you . &quot;
i &apos;m telling you , this energy gave me energy .
this is a connection with the capacity of every person in my life and to contribute to the society and to different communities .
i went to court .
she came in , and she saw me coming to the judge .
and he said , &quot; mr. mr. mr. mr. , would you like to propose this crazy idea ? &quot;
i said , &quot; yes , i wrote . &quot; we started discussing .
people began to enter the inside .
i wrote these crazy things .
and police officers , prosecutors , prosecutors , are not going to go in .
i &apos;m not going to tell you what happened , i &apos;m going to be afraid of people who are talking about race , from race to poverty .
i saw my eyes coming back and went back and forth .
he was looking at the window , and he was looking at all this complexity .
he continued to go back .
at the end , this black man was in the face of a black man , and he was in the face of the face , and he was almost sitting in his desk .
ten minutes later , the judge said we will give it .
police deputy director temizlikçinin , meanwhile , entered the court hall .
he stood up , and he went to this black guy .
and he said , &quot; you &apos;re going to be here in the court chamber ? &quot;
and he stood up and he looked up , and he looked at him , and he looked at me and said , &quot; this is a young man , and i came to the man and i came to get my eyes to separate this guy . &quot;
the reason i think most of you come to ted is that the universe is right to justice .
people are fully critical to human rights and human rights , not to fully care about human rights .
our survival depends on survival .
technology , entertainment , creativity , creativity should be compassion , compassion and justice .
more than anything , i &apos;ve come to say that you have this sense of feeling , your eyes , your eyes and your eyes .
thank you very much .
you &apos;ve seen the audience and the community want to help you about this , and you &apos;ve heard about it .
what else can we do with a czech republic ?
we have lots of possibilities around us .
for example , if you live in california , this summer is going to be a referendum , which is going to be the effort to transfer money to other places we spend here .
for example , here in california in the next five years , a billion dollars in death -- a billion dollars .
nevertheless , 45 per cent of the murder cases were killed .
56 per cent of the rape cases were reported .
we have the opportunity to change this .
the referendum offers legal sanctions and security to these sanctions .
i think we all have possibilities around us .
there &apos;s a lot of decline in america over the last three decades .
part of this is increasing rates .
what would you say to someone who said this ?
in fact , the wild crime rate was relatively fixed .
the increase in collective crimes has not been in this wild category .
it was the fight against drugs .
and this is what we see when we look at our hapishanelerimizin .
this is a sentence that we can &apos;t do ourselves .
we have three çentik , which is the real source of bike resources , that we will not be able to take care of the victims until they &apos;re called the financial crimes against the victims .
i think we need to do more to help the victims , not less .
our current justice system does nothing for anybody .
i think that &apos;s the trend we have to change .
you &apos;ve seen a lot of attention here .
it &apos;s about inspiration .
thank you very much for coming to ted . thank you .
spiker : threats have increased following bin laden &apos;s death .
second place is in somalia .
third grade : police are gas . they &apos;re fourth . they &apos;re not fighting .
fifth place : travel ships are kostik . altıncı : altıncı .
seventh of all , 65 , dead . eighth of the tsunami warning : dokuzuncu .
a few : drug war ii . mass destruction .
the delay . the gecikme . egypt .
syrian crisis . death .
disaster . oh my god .
peter diamantis : these are the last six months alone -- some of them can be able to be able to be able to last six or six years .
i mean , the news organs of the broadcasting media prefer to give us negative news , because they &apos;re being taken away .
and there &apos;s a great reason for this .
every day , every day , our brains bring us more data than our brains .
and because it &apos;s not important for us to survive , it &apos;s the first stop of all the data that &apos;s called the temporal , which is called the temporal .
now , our early warning , our early warning , is our danger .
it &apos;s all the data , and it &apos;s going to do something that can harm us in the environment .
so we &apos;re going to look at some dozen news stories , especially those negative ones .
and that old journalism , &quot; kanıyorsa , &quot; is right .
so , if we think about 24 hours of the day , 24 hours of the day , we &apos;re going to think about all the negative news , we &apos;re not surprising .
it &apos;s not surprising that people think that the world is getting worse .
but maybe it &apos;s not like this .
maybe what &apos;s happening to us is that what &apos;s actually happening .
perhaps , in the last century , because of the enormous effects that we have made in the last century , we actually have the potential to create a world that will create in the next three decades .
now i &apos;m not saying we &apos;re not going to have a lot of problems -- climate crisis , water , water and water -- of course .
and as humans , we &apos;re very good at solving problems than before , but we &apos;re ultimately able to get them .
so let &apos;s look at what was the last century to see where we went .
in the last century , the average life expectancy of people has increased over twice as much as in the world , according to inflation , the average income per capita .
child mortality dropped to one of them .
add that food , transport , communication costs , 10 to 1,000 to 1,000 to 1,000 .
steve smith showed us that we live in the most peaceful period of human history .
and charles kenny , over the last 130 years , came from about 80 percent of global warming .
we live in a really extraordinary time .
most people remember that .
and we &apos;re not going to be able to do it .
in fact , i &apos;m going to explain what poverty means .
think about it today , most people in the united states are still under the poverty line , but they have water , water , tv , mobile phones , mobile phones and cars .
the most rich people of the last century could not imagine if they were able to imagine this .
most of this is under technology , and it &apos;s growing in recent times .
my good friends , ray ray ray , showed that any device that goes into the law of information technology , within moore &apos;s law , goes up to two to 12 months of price performance .
so the mobile phone in the &apos; 70s is exactly about 70 million times cheaper and faster .
now look at this slide .
this is moore &apos;s law .
i want you to make these two things that you can do .
first of all , how smooth it is -- it &apos;s also good and it &apos;s also bad , and it &apos;s going to fall in the war , and it &apos;s collapse , and collapse .
these computers are being used to make faster computers .
none of our big zorluklarımızın are for us .
and also , despite the fact that the law on the left is eğrisinde , it &apos;s about the right line .
the speed of technology is accelerating itself .
and this is the law on moore moore , and there are all kinds of extraordinary technologies that are open to all of us .
it &apos;s the cloud , which my friends say , that it &apos;s infinite , they call it , and they call it , and they &apos;re called the computer networks ; it &apos;s about 3d ; it &apos;s called the 3d ; it &apos;s called the yetisi ; it ; it &apos;s the ability to pressure on the planet ; it &apos;s online ; it ; it &apos;s about synthetic biology ; it ; it &apos;s online ; it ; it ; it ; it &apos;s about synthetic biology ; it ; it ; it ; it ; it
so , how many of you have seen ibm &apos;s kazanmasını to win watson ?
i mean , it &apos;s a destansıydı .
in fact , i was looking for the best newspaper to look at my research .
and i love this : &quot; watson came to the human opponents . &quot;
it &apos;s not easy to play .
it &apos;s about human language .
and please imagine , this is the artificial intelligence of every person that &apos;s mobile phone .
four years ago at ted , we set up a new university in ted and i created a new university .
and we teach our students how to solve all these technologies and , especially to solve the great humanity .
and every decade , we want them to serve a company or a company that will affect the lives of a billion people every year or a positive product .
think about it , literally , a group of students , today , is the fact that a billion people are living today .
30 years ago , that sounds ridiculous .
we can actually put a dozen companies doing this today .
when i think about creating wealth , it &apos;s not a luxury life for everyone on the planet ; it &apos;s an opportunity to create life .
it &apos;s rare to get it , and you can &apos;t take it .
look , it &apos;s an etkidir , which is a technology that takes off the back .
let me give you an example .
so this is a story in the middle of the 3rd century .
he &apos;s on the left .
he was not going to eat king of food .
all the çatal soldiers in the napolyon were gold , napolyon gümüş &apos;s own gold .
but the king of siyam , he was eating that kralı .
you see , the most valuable stuff on the planet is gold , gold and gold .
this is why washington &apos;s monument was made of tepesinin .
you know , even though the world is olarak per cent of the world &apos;s kütlesel , it &apos;s not pure metal .
it &apos;s all about oxygen and oxygen .
but then the technology came out , and it was quite literally that we &apos;re using it , we &apos;re using it .
so we &apos;re going to move forward .
we think about energy shortages .
ladies and gentlemen , we &apos;re living on a planet with 5,000 times the energy of our kullandığımızın energy per year .
one minute , 16 minutes , is on the surface of the earth .
it &apos;s not about being rare , it &apos;s the subject .
and there &apos;s good news here .
for the first time , in india this year , 50 percent of the cost of electricity produced in the sun was produced -- 17 per cent of the cost of electricity .
the cost of the sun fell 50 per cent last year .
last month , mit published a study showing that in the united states , by the end of this year , the national average solar power of the sun would be 15 cents per hour .
and if you have a lot of fun , you have a lot of fun .
now we &apos;re talking about water wars .
in 1990 , carl voyager , who &apos;s going back to the planet , remember the earth , right ?
it was a famous photograph . what was called ?
it &apos;s a blue dot .
because we live on a water planet .
we live on a planet with 70 percent of water .
yes , two percent of you have water , two percent of the water , and two percent of the water on the planet are fighting for water , but there &apos;s hope .
and there &apos;s technology that &apos;s available for use , 10 years , not 20 years later , right now .
there &apos;s technology coming from . it &apos;s coming in .
in this morning , i &apos;d like to share with dean kamen , the biggest kendin-yap , which i &apos;d like to share with you -- i want to share with you -- this is something that most of you may have heard about -- it &apos;s a little size of a adı technology .
two more than two other sources -- water , water , water , clean water , clean drinking water -- the chairman of the board of the board of directors of water management , which is developing around the world , has approved hundreds of tons of water .
and if you don &apos;t work , i have any confidence that we can do , we will start using it in the global world , in 2006 .
so , this is the kind of innovation that we have today .
and we saw this with cell phones .
by the end of 2013 , i &apos;m going to get 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world .
imagine , in the middle of kenya , there &apos;s a mobile phone call , 25 years ago , there &apos;s better mobile communication from president reagan .
well , if you &apos;re going to google a smart phone , 15 years ago , we have more information and access to clinton &apos;s president .
they live in a world where no one can predict and communicate as much as nobody can imagine .
and even better , and they &apos;re going to spend hundreds of dollars and hundreds of dollars that we &apos;ve spent on , and they &apos;ve spent hundreds of thousands of dollars , video and video technologies , and books and books , and now they &apos;re literally coming out of your cell phone technology .
maybe the best part of it comes to health .
last month , with the qualcomm foundation , i had a sense of explanation called the x x prize for 10 million dollars .
in fact , all of the technologies in the world , this is all around the world , because you have to get a test of a device that can take your blood pressure on the artificial intelligence , a mobile device that can get you to get your mobile phone , and to get the doctors to get you more successful .
so literally , imagine that 25 percent of these doctors are in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , 25 percent of the patients and the health workers .
this is the dna that the device does not recognise or does not allow the dna to prevent the disease and prevent the disease , and prevent the epidemic .
but it &apos;s the biggest impact for the doğurmak world , here .
i call it the rising billion .
here are white lines .
we went through seven billion new lines in the world .
by the way , the best way to protect the world from the population explosion is to train the world healthy .
in 2010 , there were two billion people connected to two billion .
by 2020 , internet users will increase from two billion to five billion .
three billion new global mental minds are taking part in a conversation .
what do these people want ?
what are you going to say ? what are you doing ?
and we &apos;re going to live in the largest economic recession that has come to where the economic collapse has come .
these people represent tens of millions of dollars to join the economy .
and they &apos;re going to be more healthy , more educated , better trained and more educated , and they &apos;re going to be able to become more productive than ever since they &apos;re more productive than ever before .
so what can it bring us three billion people , healthy , healthy , productive , productive ?
what do you say to a group of voices before ?
so what if they are , where are they going to be the first time , to get the voice and to move forward ?
what will this bring three billion people ?
what do you think we can &apos;t even predict ?
there &apos;s something i &apos;ve learned from the x x , which is that small groups that are moving from a clear movement , can do what they can do in the past , and that governments can only do things .
let me share a story that really excited me and let me share with it .
some of you may have heard a program .
it &apos;s a game called foldit .
she came from the university of seattle .
and this is a game where individuals can actually take a sequence of the protein and then take the protein from a protein .
and it determines how to change the structure , and the structure .
and it &apos;s very important for research in medicine .
and so far , we &apos;ve been able to make a süperbilgisayar .
and this game was played by university professors and professors .
and there are literally hundreds of thousands of people who start playing this game .
and it turns out that , in fact , today , people have better access to the protein mechanism than the computer .
and when these individuals went out to go and look at the best proteins in the world , they didn &apos;t have a protein professor at mit , he wasn &apos;t a professor at night , he didn &apos;t have a protein professor from england , england , england , and he was the best managing director of the world in the world .
ladies and gentlemen , i think it &apos;s a huge sense of trust that we now have to deal with the challenges of the world , in which we now have to deal with the great challenges of the world .
we have this technology with our üssel .
we have tutkusuna yenilikçisinin .
we have tekno-hayırseverin .
and we have three billion new minds that we have to do to solve big challenges , to do what we have to do with us .
we live in the right direction of the future .
thank you .
i think we need to do something about a medical culture that needs to change .
and i think it needs to start with a doktordan , and that &apos;s my story .
and when i do that , maybe i can get this part of my work that i &apos;ve had for a long time , which i &apos;ve been involved with .
before i start to talk about the main theme of my talk , let &apos;s start with a piece of beyzbolla .
why not ?
we &apos;re almost approaching the finals , we &apos;re approaching the finals .
we all love it , right ?
we have a remarkable number of statistics on our team .
and there are hundreds of them .
it &apos;s about setting up a book called &quot; moneyball , &quot; and it &apos;s about building a very good soccer team .
i &apos;m hoping that many of you have heard of it .
this is called the average shot .
for example , we talk about 300 , 300 players .
what that means is that in the course of the player , we were able to make three shot dead .
so the ball fell to the middle of the area by others , and the beginning was to start the beginning of the ball , which hit the ball before the ball hit .
10 times three times .
do you know what you &apos;re going to do in the american league ?
well , it &apos;s really good . it &apos;s a star .
do you know what you &apos;re going to hit one of the 400 vuran ?
by the way , it means to achieve 10 times each time .
the most legendary american basketball player , which hit more than 400 normal season , is the legendary ted league player .
now let &apos;s go back to my point where i &apos;m going to do a lot more comfortable , or think i &apos;m going to give you a little bit more comfortable with a little bit of medicine when you think about it .
imagine you &apos;re a surgeon , and you &apos;re a surgeon , and it &apos;s a surgeon who &apos;s targeted 400 surgeons .
somehow , you don &apos;t have to admit that , right ?
now imagine that birds don &apos;t move to a bird flu place , and you have two friends living with you , and you have two family members who live with you , and you have 200 patients who have a doctor who you love your life .
but you know what happens ?
he &apos;s doing better this year . he &apos;s making himself better .
and he &apos;s doing his 257 .
it doesn &apos;t work that way .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
what do you think about the average number of success in a heart disease or a high school , or an emergency service expert ?
1,000 , very beautiful .
now the truth is that no one in all of the medicine knows that they &apos;re not going to be able to be able to find a good , or to succeed the successful staff of emergency staff .
what we &apos;re doing is we &apos;re going to be perfect if we &apos;re going to have the outside world , including myself , to the outside world .
never , i never had to make a mistake , but i was able to think about how it could be .
and that was the message i received from medical medicine .
i was a student from my lab .
at the high school , a friend of mine once said , i was going to focus on the blood pressure of brian tax .
and that &apos;s what i did .
i worked in a small room at the top of the state hospital of toronto , which is not far from there .
and we can &apos;t do everything .
we &apos;re going to be able to take the damarı of the anatomi , and they &apos;re going to start with each joint and start , and they &apos;re going to grow all the branches and the blood vessels that come out of the brain .
in fact , i even learned how to learn from the renal and to the tübüler .
and together with them , we have more information .
and i became successful , and i became a perfect graduate .
when i finished my medical school , i had such a body , which is , if i was able to do so much as possible , and i was able to make me wrong with that .
and for a while , it went like a doğruymuş . it was as much as a woman , until she was a woman .
i was here at the university of toronto , where i was working with the women &apos;s hospital at the university of toronto .
i was at the time to do surgery at the time .
and my task is to be in the emergency room , to see the patient there .
and my report was to report this .
and i saw lady drucker , and i didn &apos;t have the solunumu .
and when i took her , it was a voice from her .
and when i cut his chest off his chest , i always had a voice on both sides , which made me think it was heart failure .
in this case , you have a whole amount of blood vessels and blood vessels , and you have the blood vessels , and that &apos;s why you have your blood vessels and your blood vessels .
and it &apos;s not hard to put it in your hands .
i put it in my office and i made a plan for treatment .
and i gave her a aspirin . i gave her a drug to reduce your skin .
i gave the sıvı drugs called the sıvının for the flow of the liquid .
and it began to feel better at the end of two or two hours .
and i felt really good .
and at that moment i made my first ilk , i sent her home .
in fact , i made two more mistakes .
i sent him to the house of the meeting .
as expected as i was expected , i didn &apos;t give him information about the patient &apos;s situation , so i could see the patient by looking at his own .
and he knew the patient , and he was able to make it better than her assessment .
i could have done this well .
maybe i didn &apos;t want to be able to do it .
maybe even the second mistake i did was even worse when i was doing a lot of success here , which was even worse than i did to give her patients a second mistake .
i didn &apos;t give it to my house , and he said to me , &quot; it &apos;s not a good idea , but to say , &quot; i don &apos;t care about making sound .
in fact , i should have heard myself against myself that when i went to the nurse , he said , &quot; don &apos;t need a doctor , don &apos;t i don &apos;t have any reason to go home ? &quot;
and the nurse thought , and she thought , &quot; yes , i think we can &apos;t understand the situation . &quot;
i remember this as though i could .
so she came to the clinic , and she came to a helicopter , and she came home to take her .
and i went back to my job .
and in the rest of the day , after that afternoon , i had a feeling that i was born .
but i continued to work .
and at the end of the day , i was walking around to get the hospital to go home to get out of the hospital , and i usually walked out of this thing .
i went through the emergency service for him .
and there was another nurse in the back of the lady drucker , and she had a nurse , and she told me that only three words i knew i had to hear that i knew i was not going to hear .
as in other areas of medicine , we have a different feature for medical medicine , but we see patients because they don &apos;t have patients .
that was three words : did you get it ?
&quot; remember the patient &apos;s home ? &quot;
and he asked me directly .
he came back , and he said , &quot; it &apos;s the same . &quot;
he came back .
it came back to the deadly situation .
and after i took him home , about a hour later , he had about seven hours , and his parents had taken her back to the emergency hospital , and he brought her back to the emergency service there , and that was a serious shock .
and she was rarely breathe , and she was able to breathe .
and the emergency personnel did their best .
they gave him drugs to raise blood pressure .
you can &apos;t get it off .
and this time , i &apos;m a şoktaydım , and i &apos;m the heyecandan .
and they were inside the gel-git , because i was hoping that they had been sent to intensive care , and they were sent to everything .
and it turns out that two or three days later , they were never going to be able to do it .
we &apos;re going to go back to the brain damage .
and his family gathered .
and it &apos;s about eight or nine days in front of them .
and then nine days later , when the procedure was made , the women &apos;s karar , the mother and the mother .
the names of the dead will never be heard .
and this was the first thing i met with my kuralla .
in a couple of weeks , i felt guilty to myself in the first time that i had been able to meet myself in my own medicine and culture , for the first time , to be isolated , and i felt that i was not a normal , but normal , except for everyone .
you know , you know , you know , you know , you &apos;re going to be able to tell anybody that you &apos;re going to do the best secret to tell anybody , and you &apos;re going to be the best friend , and you &apos;re going to be able to find a mistake , and you &apos;re going to have a patient , and you &apos;re going to have a patient , and you &apos;re going to lose that feeling better , but you &apos;re sick , and you &apos;re sick , and you &apos;re sick .
and that &apos;s the result of the mistake that you &apos;ve never heard of .
this kind of shame is a kind of öğretmendir .
and what i &apos;m talking about here is that shame gets you sick .
it tells you that something you &apos;re doing is not bad .
and that was what i felt .
and it wasn &apos;t just my koymam .
he spoke with the family , and i &apos;m sure the problem has changed and blocked my case .
and i kept asking myself these questions .
why don &apos;t you go home ? why did i send it home ?
and then i was even worse than that : why did i make this kind of aptallığı ?
why did i choose medicine ?
it &apos;s useful , though it &apos;s slow .
i started feeling a piece of myself well .
and it became a day when the air was clouds , and the sun started to look , and i wondered , well , i felt good .
and i made myself a negotiate with myself , if i had to make myself a perfect person , and i would never make a mistake , please .
and they stopped .
and i went back to my job .
and then it happened again .
two years ago , i saw a man who was at a emergency hospital in the north of toronto , and was 25 years old , at the time of the hospital .
there was a density , and i was doing some control .
it was showing it .
i looked at it , and i looked a little bit about it .
and i gave him a drug for the penisilin and sent him .
and even at that door , he was still pointing out to the door .
and two days later , i came to an emergency room , and he said he wanted to talk to me in his office .
and he said three words : would you get it ?
do you remember the patient who had seen it ?
as a result , we &apos;re not going to be able to see that it &apos;s not the boğazı .
in contrast , there was a vital condition called buna .
you can look at google , you can look at it , but it &apos;s not the boğazın , but it can lead to the closing of the solunum and the üst path .
and he died .
the vaccine has been introduced , and in a couple of days , it has improved .
and i went back to my job again and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again , again , this is the job .
i took two times in the same emergency period .
this is how it happens , especially when you see 14 patients in a hospital every night .
i don &apos;t think they have a risk that they can go home , and they have no risk .
i thought about a kidney milestone .
so i wanted to get the x-ray , and my friend of mine , who was looking at the normal patient , took the right part in the lower part of the patient , and called the surgeons .
i had a lot of diyare .
i proposed that i would not remain a little bit of a susuz , and i said to my friend .
and he did it again , and he called the surgeons in the lower part where he felt tension .
in both cases , they did their operations , and patients have improved .
but every time i get over me , it &apos;s kind of like i &apos;m going to die .
and i would like to tell you that the worst of my life was in the first five years , when he said that i had a very bad job .
some of them are in the last five years .
they &apos;re alone , and they &apos;re desteksiz .
the problem is : if i can &apos;t talk about myself clean and clean , what can i really tell me if i &apos;m going to tell me what &apos;s happening in my heart ?
how can i teach them to do what others do to do ?
now , if i go into the room like i do , you know what you &apos;re thinking about with me .
what &apos;s the last time asked you to make mistakes on one of the mistakes ?
yes , he goes to the party and he &apos;ll talk to another doctor , but he talked about one of his mistakes .
if i went into a room full of meslektaşlarımla , and then they wanted them to do some of their support , and they probably start to make two of them really uncomfortable , and some of them begin to do it , and some of them begin to do it .
and in fact , if my friends and friends , i don &apos;t believe that one of my colleagues has cut the wrong leg , i don &apos;t even feel that i &apos;m not going to have trouble thinking about establishing that person .
so we have this system .
a system based on errors based on the mistakes .
in this system , these two types of mistakes are mistakes and mistakes in the system , and they have been able to do a lot of good results , and they &apos;re not going to be able to do it very well .
and it &apos;s almost like a ideological process , and it &apos;s something like a antikorların .
and it turns out that if you don &apos;t have a mistake , it &apos;s a safe system that &apos;s left out of medicine .
but there are two problems with this .
i &apos;ve done my first time in the movie &quot; black , &quot; star &quot; , which was the first time i wrote about 20 or 20 years in a medical paper business , or a medical magazine business that i &apos;ve written in toronto to learn anything about , or anything like this , or something like this .
and what i &apos;ve learned is that the mistakes i &apos;ve always learned , and i &apos;ve always been able to .
so we &apos;re in a system that happens every day , every day , there &apos;s one of the 10 or 10 days of mistakes in the drug there , or one of the wrong drugs , and the hospital is going to be wrong , and it &apos;s going to be wrong .
in this country , a number of medical mistakes can result in medical mistakes .
in the united states , the institute of medicine was 100,000 .
in both cases , there are large difficulties , because we don &apos;t do what we need to do against the problem .
and here &apos;s an example .
medical information is certainly increasing in both or three years of sleep in the hospital system .
you can &apos;t get it from it .
we have a wonderful story about the face of my own face , the face of the breast , which is a breast .
now take the same patient in the breast cancer , do it with low levels of alcohol and alcohol and a little bit of alcohol , and suddenly it &apos;s a story that you can &apos;t see .
i got the same story .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i always do the same way .
and the car is not a car ; it &apos;s always the signs of the same way .
you can take all of these things into account , you can &apos;t get mistakes .
take a system like me , and it &apos;s possible to make a mistake , and take health personnel out of it , no one left .
and you know , it &apos;s about people who don &apos;t want to talk about their bad cases .
i &apos;m going to show you , &quot; white , black arts , &quot; here &apos;s the worst thing i &apos;ve ever done . i can tell everyone to say , &quot; heart surgery , my heart surgery , my heart surgery , &quot; and that &apos;s the worst news . &quot;
and they grow up , and then they look down , and then they look down , and they can tell their stories to tell their stories .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share .
they want to say , &quot; look , you &apos;re doing the mistake that i do . &quot;
they need something like this .
they need a culture of medicine to be defined .
and that starts with a single doctor every time .
he &apos;s a doctor who &apos;s been defined , and he knows that he &apos;s a human being , and he &apos;s proud of doing it , but he &apos;s a lesson to take a lesson from one of the other than one .
they share their experiences with others .
when others don &apos;t get rid of their mistakes .
and it &apos;s not to pass the wave of others , but it &apos;s full of love , and it &apos;s all the way that everybody is supporting .
and as a human culture that works in medicine , they accept that there &apos;s a human system , and people will always do mistakes when they &apos;re done .
the system has evolved to develop the experience of people , and it makes it easier for people to see things like the health care system , and it &apos;s a potential mistake that everybody has done in places where they &apos;re doing the mistakes and the mistakes that they &apos;re doing so that they &apos;re doing , and that they &apos;re doing it for potential mistakes .
my name is brian highway .
i &apos;m a doctor named again .
i &apos;m a human . i do mistakes .
so i &apos;m sorry , but i don &apos;t want to learn something to teach others about it .
i don &apos;t know what you &apos;re thinking about , but i don &apos;t know that yet .
and let me give myself the last three words : i remember it .
this is a little idea i &apos;m going to talk about this day .
it &apos;s about changing levels .
i &apos;m going to tell you three stories before i &apos;m going to give you an idea in a minute .
and the first story is charles darwin , one of my life .
you know , you know , you &apos;re going to be in the 1835 .
you might think of the i̇spinoz , but you can &apos;t .
in fact , fish are fish .
and he described it as a very common species .
this is the sailfin .
these fish were so widespread until the &apos; 80s .
now these fish are on the list of species in the endangered species .
now we &apos;ve heard this story a lot of times , and there &apos;s no particular feature of the galapagos islands and other places .
but we still go to the galapagos .
we think it &apos;s broken .
and it &apos;s also shown in the broşürlerde and clean .
so what &apos;s going on there ?
the second story is that it also shows a different concept , changing the scale .
in 1987 , i was doing my work in western africa .
because i was there in europe , and then i wanted to work in africa .
i thought , &quot; i &apos;m going to be able to adapt . &quot;
i was so bad at the sun , and i actually convinced that i could get out of the sun .
this is my first solar cell .
this is the gölcük , and it &apos;s a little bit of the palm oil .
there were about 20 meters of the size of the size of the fish , türünden , türünden .
it was spent a lot of time for fishing and good time , and ghana &apos;s average was more than the average .
i &apos;m going to go there 27 years later , and the fish are half .
it &apos;s about five to five .
it &apos;s genetic .
they still had fish farm .
they &apos;re still happy .
and the fish are not there .
there was nothing changing , but everything changed .
my third story is that i &apos;m not going to have a criminal partner in the network of fish to southeast asia .
in the 1970s , actually , in the early 1960s , the european project has developed many projects .
the developments meant that 100,000 countries with industrial fishing were fishing .
this is a pretty ugly boat called the adı .
we &apos;ve been doing research at the sea of denize and south china , particularly in the south east of china .
it &apos;s called yakaladıklarımızı .
i understand what i &apos;m going to do now , we &apos;ve got the bottom of the sea .
it &apos;s 90 percent of the sea , and it &apos;s about 90 percent of it , and it &apos;s the other side of the sea .
in fact , most of the fish had small fish , among the mercanlar .
it was taken to the sea , and then it turned back into the sea .
these pictures are extraordinary because they &apos;re very fast .
you do research within a year , and commercial fishing starts .
the sea &apos;s six hard , or the altı , has become soft .
this is a dead elephant .
i &apos;m going to go back to the sea again to the sea .
we once caught live .
it &apos;s not yet done .
they wanted to kill for food .
the fishermen went to this boat , and they didn &apos;t have a fishing place before , but they were able to do it .
we change our world , and we forget that .
we &apos;re bringing the ocean base to a new level , and we &apos;re going to be able to make the old part of it .
if we do it , it &apos;s like this .
let &apos;s think that there &apos;s good things on the axis : the killer number , the balina , the balina , the water resources .
it &apos;s changing over time -- the reason for change is that people are doing or natural conditions .
every generation takes pictures of conscious life , and it &apos;s standard .
he sees the difference between what &apos;s happening right now .
but before that , it &apos;s missing .
there may be changes in the back .
and then you look at it , you know , it &apos;s actually a poor zavallı .
now this is largely what we do .
it &apos;s not like they &apos;re going to go on , or they &apos;re actually gone .
it could also affect people before date , and they killed animals , and then they didn &apos;t know what they did .
because the number of animals that have been present in a very natural animal has been reduced before , before it &apos;s reduced .
so we &apos;re going to take a lot of animals out there .
you &apos;ve always lost the number of animals .
so they &apos;re a big loss .
over time , big fish are in the sea , and that means big fish .
the number of these goes down , because they don &apos;t care about them .
over time , we &apos;re going to have a couple of fish , and we call it a birkaç level .
the question is , why do people do this ?
because we don &apos;t know that &apos;s different .
in fact , many people say this is actually very different .
they tell you this because the evidence they want to be more like they want .
for example , captain bilmemkim said that it &apos;s not used to say that there &apos;s a lot of fish in this place where he said , &quot; it &apos;s not scientific . &quot;
so we don &apos;t know that although we have societies , we don &apos;t know the history of the past because we have the resources of the past .
therefore , protection zones play a significant role .
because we create the history of protected areas .
we &apos;re creating the history of people , because it changes the base level , and it &apos;s very bottom down .
this is the basis for people to be able to see these protected areas , so they can go back to their base levels .
so what about people who don &apos;t have access to them -- like , for example ?
for them , i think art , films and movies will be able to create space .
this is a simulation of the körfezi gulf .
in the past , 500 years ago , there were gray whales in the gri gulf .
you notice that color and color looks like avatar .
if you think about it , why don &apos;t you think about people , why don &apos;t you tell the story of it -- why are they so impressed by those pictures ?
because it reminded them of the lost things .
so my proposal is to be my only proposal , which will be james cameron to pull out of 2 .
thank you very much .
in the 1980s , if you have a almanya in eastern germany , you can bring it into the government .
it &apos;s an example of a text written by daktiloda .
and it was something that the government did to find the source of the text .
i &apos;m going to put a paper with a wrong thought , and i can put this thought out of it .
and we don &apos;t understand how one can do it in the west , how we can express freedom .
you can never forget this .
but today in 2011 , if you buy any major printer , you buy a laser , and you &apos;re going to have a yellow page on it , and you &apos;re going to have a yellow page on it , and you &apos;re going to have a yellow page .
that &apos;s what &apos;s happening today .
and nobody looks like this .
and this is an example of the technology that shows us one of our citizens against using technology .
and this is one of three main sources of online problems today .
if we look at what &apos;s really happening online in the world , we can take basic attacks by taking place .
we have three main groups .
there are online criminals .
as in this case , ukraine , mr. bay from the city of ukraine .
and it &apos;s not very hard to understand the reasons for online crime .
these guys earn money .
they use online attacks to really get too much money .
in fact , there &apos;s a lot of cases that won money in online attacks .
here &apos;s vladimir tartu from estonia .
this is alfred moisiu .
this is stephen power .
this is the bjorn .
this is matthew johnson , bu tariq and so on .
these guys are getting online , but they do this in a way that they do it in online ways , while we &apos;re using the banking system to play online , they use the banking card , or they &apos;re using a kredi card to buy online computers .
two months ago , two months ago , there was a a.b.d bank account in switzerland , and there were 14.9 million dollars in the bank .
mr. mr. bay : no one knows where it is .
and even today i claim that any of us in the online environment is even more likely to have a crime victim .
and clearly , the situation is getting worse .
in the future , most of the crimes are online .
the second big group that we &apos;re watching every day is not money to cause the crime .
and the reason they do something -- the causes of protest , the reasons , the reason .
groups such as anonymous took part in the past 12 months of online attacks and significant attacks .
so these are three main suspects : they are the internet , the last group of hackers who make money for criminals , but the latest attacks on the nation , the governments .
and we &apos;re looking at similar cases in diginotar .
this is the best example of what the government is to its own citizens .
it &apos;s a institution in the netherlands -- it &apos;s better than it was , actually .
they were bankrupt last fall because they were attacked .
one can go into their systems , and they &apos;re completely infected .
and i asked the dutch government representatives at a meeting last week , and i asked them to find out whether someone was going to attack a team of people because of the attacks .
and the answer to it was .
so how do people die of a attack like this ?
it &apos;s a sertifika institution .
they sell it .
what do you do ?
if you have access to a safe haven , you need a sign that you have access to , if you have a computer like a şifreli .
now all of us , or we &apos;re all using major kısmımız , or gmail , but we &apos;re using one of them , especially in foreign countries like iran , because they know that they &apos;re more popular than the local government , because they know that they &apos;re more reliable connections to local governments .
but if you &apos;re a foreign minister , you &apos;re going to go to the s.k. .
they can make false memory , they can do it .
and that &apos;s exactly what happened in the diginotar trial .
what about the arab spring and events , for example , egypt ?
in egypt , in april 2011 , the rebels found their secret centres of egypt &apos;s secret police , and they found a lot of paper .
there was a file called &quot; finfisher . &quot;
and in this case , germany had a company that was sold to the government of egypt , which was sold to the egyptian government -- a tool , and a huge amount of the country &apos;s citizens .
this is the instrument of egypt &apos;s government , which is worth 280,000 euros .
the company &apos;s centers are right here .
so the western governments are providing these tools to these states for their own citizens .
but western governments do that too .
for example , in germany , a few weeks ago , the so-called sözde virus called scuinst , which was used by german government officials to explore their own citizens .
if you &apos;re in a public trial , we know that your mobile phone will not happen .
but today , the situation goes beyond that .
they &apos;re going to follow the internet .
in fact , they &apos;re going to use tools called bilgisayarınıza için , which will give them access to online monitoring , online monitoring and listening .
now , when we think about these things that are serious about it , the obvious answer is that we need to get from people who are supposed to be , &quot; okay , that &apos;s bad , but it doesn &apos;t affect me because i am a law .
why don &apos;t you care ?
because i don &apos;t have any saklayacak . &quot;
and this is a anlamsız .
we talk about the mahremiyetten .
privacy is not clear .
this is a question of privacy .
this is the question of freedom .
and right now , in 2011 , we can get all the right away from us .
and we trust the future government , which we will have 50 years later , and do we trust our eyes , do we trust ?
so here &apos;s the question for the next 50 years .
this may be interesting to you , but i love the bloklara .
the first concrete blocks were made in i̇lk , the simple idea : it was made of a fixed , fixed line of each other .
the concrete blocks were built in a very short world .
they allowed us to do big things like bridges and build bridges .
the concrete blocks are basically a milestone in our society .
almost 100 years later , the lego came out .
they called it an automatic connection .
and at the end of the year , lego found itself in every home with lego .
according to estimates , there have been 400 billion building blocks -- 75 billion people in the world .
you don &apos;t have to be engineer building bridges , bridges , buildings .
the lego made this available .
the lego block , in essence , has made it a building blocks of the world and made it a milestone in our imagination .
at the same time , the next revolution in bell bell was over the next year , the next building .
it &apos;s a little plastic unit , which is a little plastic device , and it &apos;s a interactive world where everything has been placed on each other and everything has been placed on it .
so , like the block block block , you can &apos;t allow you to do very , very , very , very complex circuit machines .
the fundamental difference was that it was just for experts .
i decided that our time was only for experts to be the structure of our time , so i decided to change that .
when i was eight years ago media , i started thinking about the way to give artists and designers to design the lab .
i started developing littlebits a few years ago .
let me show you how they work .
each one of our companies has their own electronics .
it turns out that there &apos;s light , light and motor functions .
and the most wonderful properties of each other are not going to be able to connect .
so it &apos;s wrong .
these are the blocks with colors .
green , blue , blue power , blue cable , orange cable .
so you can make all you have to do is put green in green , and you can make bigger circuit .
you can put the green light into the green light .
they put a button and put some light on them .
it &apos;s a blow that you can change the light here , and you can &apos;t use light like this .
you can go a little bit further and add this noise machine , and you can do it .
i &apos;ll stop here .
in addition to this simple game , it &apos;s a really powerful one .
it allows you to walk through simple actions , instead of connecting , to your kablolarla .
it &apos;s only because it &apos;s going to slow down and slow down , so it &apos;s only able to slow down , and it &apos;s getting faster or slow .
it &apos;s a growing library behind the littlebits .
we want to make the interaction in every world , to make it ready .
the sounds , the sounds , the solar panels , the solar panels , must be accessible to everything .
we &apos;re watching kids playing with them and playing with them .
this is a great experience .
and they start to understand that they &apos;re all around the world , and they &apos;re not in school .
for example , they understand how one night he works , or how he &apos;s working , or how he &apos;s going to get out of the window , or how he &apos;s going to touch it .
we go to design schools .
for example , designers are starting to play with a material like &quot; lerle &quot; , which has nothing to do with their designers .
and here we see a piece of paper that &apos;s made of paper .
we took it a few weeks ago , we brought it into the littlebits , and we gave some engineers the experience of engineering -- and we said , &quot; do something with paper and paper . &quot;
and here &apos;s a project where they &apos;re doing , in a way , you can see a ball that works .
this is my favorite project .
the game was made out of the dark .
it &apos;s just a different material for these engineers .
we want everybody to get involved in this material .
so it &apos;s open source .
you can go to the internet and change your design files .
we want to encourage designers , we want to encourage them , because this is our interactive world we live on the planet .
so start to create it .
thank you .
