do you know how many choices you do in a normal day ?
how many choices do you make in a normal week ?
i &apos;ve done a research with more than 2,000 americans in 2000 , and the average number of choices is normal , about 70 in a normal day .
there &apos;s another study that &apos;s recently done with ceos , and they &apos;ve been tracking progress around the ceo for a week .
and these scientists simply have spent their time working on all the tasks and all the tasks they &apos;ve been spending on their iştigal .
they found that the average ceo had an estimated 139 task in a week .
each task was of course , of course , a lot of seçimlerden .
kararların decisions have been taken over 50 minutes or less than nine minutes .
only 12 per cent of decisions have been taken within an hour or more .
think about it .
how many of them entered the category of nine minutes , or a one-hour category ?
how do you do a job when you do this election ?
today , i want to talk about one of the biggest problemlerimizden in modern life , which is the problem of a lot of options .
i want to talk about this problem and a possible solution .
when i talk about the problem , i &apos;m going to have to tell you , and i &apos;m going to ask you to know .
so when i ask a question , i &apos;m not just going to take your hand , i think , just exercise .
or if i ask a question , i &apos;ll ask you to ask the answer to my answer .
my first question is , are you ready to be ready to have a lot of options ?
thank you .
at stanford university at stanford university at stanford university , i was a very distinguished audience , at least at least a luxury place .
it &apos;s a mağazaydı .
it &apos;s kind of like going to go to this mağazaya .
250 different kinds of mustard and sirkeleri , more than 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and more than 500 different types of fruit , and we were at the time .
so when i &apos;m going to go to this mağazaya , i once asked myself , how do i get into nothing ?
this is olive oil .
there were more than 75 species of olive oil , including a bin in a kutuda box .
i decided to visit the shop director one day , and i asked him , &quot; does it really work to give people a lot of options ? &quot;
they pointed out the buses every day with cameras from cameras .
we decided to do a little experiment , we chose it for this .
this is reçel reyonu .
there was a kind of reçelleri reçelleri .
so we set up a little stand , close to the store .
we put it here in six or 24 different disciplines , and we &apos;ve observed two things , and first of all , what in particular is the people more and more ?
there &apos;s more people going on 24 , and there &apos;s about 60 percent of what they get , and about 40 percent of what they get .
and the other thing we &apos;ve observed is , what in which cases do we buy more people ?
then we see the opposite effect .
if you were 24 , only 3 percent of them bought it .
when i was six , 30 percent of the time went to a kavanoz .
if you make computation , it &apos;s six times more than six times more people than you can buy six times more .
it &apos;s probably a good choice that if you &apos;re not going to choose to choose your reçel , at least if you &apos;re not going to be able to choose a good choice , but that &apos;s what it looks like .
we choose not to be the choice , but even if we don &apos;t have it .
now here &apos;s what we &apos;re going to talk about today : financial constraints .
we had a study that we did with gur huberman , emir kamenica and wei jang , and we looked at the retirement program of about a million americans in the united states .
in a pension program , we looked at the number of people who were more likely to pay for retirement , as the number of funds that were offered , as the number of funds that were offered .
what we found is that there &apos;s a relationship .
the plan we have , the plan , would offer people between 2 and 59 .
we &apos;ve seen that there are more funding options , turnout is less likely .
if you look at the most likely situations , the two funding options include the option of 70 percent , which is not as high as we want .
the plans , which include nearly 60 funds , fall down to 60 per cent .
and the fact that even if you have decided to join it , even if you &apos;re going to decide more options , then there &apos;s negative consequences .
as people choosing to participate , more and more people are in favour of the stock exchange and öz capital funds .
they can &apos;t afford more choices , and they can &apos;t afford bank accounts .
none of the elections is the same as any of any of us will recommend to improve the future financial situation .
in the last decade , we have seen three main negative results , more choices than people .
people don &apos;t even know whether they &apos;re going to choose to choose their own interests .
worse choices , worse fiscal elections , medical elections .
even if they make a better vote , they make choices that satisfy themselves less .
the basic reason is that they like to watch the dev , the mustard , the sirke , the dev , but we can &apos;t see them in comparison , and we can &apos;t go and do something very impressive .
so what i &apos;d like to offer you today is four simple technical -- you can easily find them in a different way of research in different ways .
one is : azaltın .
you &apos;ve heard about it before , but never as much as it is today , &quot; less , better . &quot;
when i say , &quot; azaltın , &quot; people are always crying .
they worry about the loss of tails .
but if you look at what we &apos;re seeing , if you want to reduce the weight , the sales are going to go , the sales fall , the costs fall , the choices are improving .
the proctor &amp; amp ; gamble &apos;s gamble &amp; amp ; gamble &apos;s karar &amp; amp ; d.
the golden cat corporation , at least 10 kedi dogs , had an increase of 87 per cent of the satan , and the sales rose by 87 per cent .
today , a supermarket offers you the average 45000 product .
a typical wallmart today offers you the product .
but today the world &apos;s greatest cup took place , and only about 1,400 products are just just a kind of salça .
when i was talking about one of the best examples of financial sustainability recently , david laibson , who used to be the best in the program at harvard , gave them the ağırlık of the options .
every working thing at harvard is now an automatic fund .
for those who want to do the vote , there are 20 choices , not 300 or more .
you know , people say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to fix it .
they &apos;re all very important options . &quot;
the first thing i did was ask employees , what is the difference of the other ?
if you don &apos;t get rid of them , they &apos;re already ayıramaz . &quot;
before we start this session , we contacted gary .
he said he wanted to give the audience the world &apos;s most beautiful way to offer a vacation .
this is the recipe for the road .
i want you to see .
i &apos;m going to give you a few seconds , and then i &apos;m going to leave you with a few seconds if you &apos;re not going to accept gary &apos;s proposal .
how many of you accept ?
is it all ?
okay , let me show you a little more .
i don &apos;t think it &apos;s number one .
now , who &apos;s going to go to this expedition ?
i think this time i &apos;ve heard more .
okay .
now , in fact , we can use more information in the first time , but my guess is that i &apos;m going to show you more real .
because pictures didn &apos;t feel like that .
and that brings me to the 2nd phase that i &apos;m going to address , which brings me to the problem of a lot of options .
people have to understand the consequences of every choice , to understand the difference of options , and to see how they can live in a tangible , tangible way .
why do people spend 15 or 30 percent spending on credit card or atm card cards ?
because it doesn &apos;t seem to be real money .
so , you can actually have an effective way to connect people with more and more people .
and when i was talking about shlomo and alessandro previtero and ing previtero , all of these people in ing were all registered for the çalışanlar-- plan for a session .
we applied everything in this session , and we just put it in one thing .
and what we did was , we wanted people to think about all the good things that would happen if they paid money .
by doing this simple thing , the turnout is 20 percent higher than the participants , and at the same time , the participants are able to reduce their accounts by 4 percent more .
the third example is to split into categories .
we &apos;re not going to make the choices better .
for example , there &apos;s a study that we &apos;ve done in the magazine .
you know , the wegmans süpermarketlerinde magazine in the southwest of america dergi 331 , but do you know what happens ?
it turns out that 600 categories can turn into 10 categories , or reduce 400 categories of 400 categories , and make it more choices than you can add to you more choices and better choice .
because categories tell me how to fix them .
here &apos;s two different jewelry points .
one is called &quot; jazz . &quot;
if you &apos;re a painting on the left , you &apos;re going to be jazz on the right .
well , a few .
if you want the jazz on the left , you &apos;ll say you &apos;re on the right .
well , a little more .
it was right .
the jazz on the left is on the right , but you know what ?
this is a biçimi form of gereksiz .
the categories are not going to change their choices , but they can &apos;t do something .
we see this problem on the long run lists .
are they preparing to inform some of them ?
fourth tekniğim : hazırlamak .
it turns out that it &apos;s much more information than we think , and it &apos;s just a little bit easier .
the challenge is level level .
let me give you an example of why .
take a very complicated choice : take the search .
here &apos;s a german manufacturer company that offers you a chance to design your car with your car .
by doing 60 different choices , you make your car .
each of these decisions are different from you .
the color of the car has 56 choices .
the engine , your feet -- four options .
now , i &apos;m going to do that , and i &apos;m going to do that .
half of the customers will be choosing one of four renkten and 4 .
the other half of the customers will be able to go to a little bit of options , and they &apos;re going to go to 56 colors .
what am i looking at ?
how about you .
if you don &apos;t have the default option , you can say that you &apos;re going to make you laugh .
and what you find is that when you get very little , you &apos;re going to get very little , people choose the default option .
we &apos;re losing them .
when they go right , they don &apos;t get their interests .
the same information , the same number .
the only thing i do is to change the direction of knowledge .
you &apos;re learning to decide when you start .
it doesn &apos;t tell me how to pick up your feet , but you &apos;re preparing me to make a choice .
i &apos;m excited about this big product that i &apos;m going to talk about , and i &apos;m going to die .
özetlersem .
so to solve the problem of a lot of options , i &apos;ve talked about the problem of four -- you know , if you don &apos;t get rid of it -- you can &apos;t get rid of it -- you can take it out of the ring ; you get the choices -- you get the choices -- you get the choices .
now , all these techniques i describe today are designed to take you to your head -- better , you can use better , you can use it for you .
because i think you need to be selective to get the best outcome of a choice .
he chose to choose more successful art than when we were selective .
thank you very much .
hello , i &apos;m kevin allocca , and i &apos;m watching a trend in youtube and watching youtube videos .
that &apos;s true .
we &apos;re going to talk a little bit about how the virus is spreading today , and why it matters .
we &apos;d like to be stars -- the famous , singer , a comic -- and i was very , very difficult to do that when i was young .
but the internet has made it so that any of us or any creative anything we do is truly famous for a part of our culture .
until next saturday , one of them may be famous for the internet .
but every minute , we were able to sell videos to more than 48 hours on youtube .
and it &apos;s just a very small percentage of them , and it &apos;s becoming a cultural moment , and it &apos;s becoming a cultural moment .
so how does that happen ?
three things : trend is the trend , the participation community and the beklenmezlik .
well , let &apos;s start .
oh , my god , my god , my god .
oh my god !
vaay !
vaaayyyy !
last year , bear vasquez sent this video outside the national parkındaki house , outside the national parkındaki .
in 2010 , 23 million were blind .
this is the first time the last summer when it was popular , it was a picture of how it was .
but you can actually use this video to spread this video .
he wanted to share just one millimeter .
because the adınız mountain mountains , you do it .
and you can actually watch lots of things .
and this video was actually last january , what happened ?
we actually had jimmy kimmel .
jimmy kimmel , who finally made the video as popular as it could be popular , took the videoyu .
because the trend , like jimmy kimmel , makes us look at the new and interesting things and make them larger .
today , friday , friday . we need to act . everybody &apos;s looking forward to this friday , and we &apos;re going to be able to do it . friday , friday , friday , we really hope that we can do that .
nikica &apos;s &quot; friday &quot; song is one of the most popular songs in the year .
they watched almost 200 million times this year .
this is a picture of how you &apos;re going .
it looks like there &apos;s a double rainbow video , as it has come out .
so what happened that day ?
that day , that &apos;s true .
and if you &apos;re wondering , if you &apos;re wondering , they &apos;re friday .
what about what happened friday , when that video spread ?
he took her , and many bloggers started talking about it .
michael j. nelson from mystery science was one of the first to be a joke for this videoyla .
but what &apos;s important is that they set up a point of view of individual or group trends , and they shared the process and shared the process faster .
and so there was a community of people who shared their big şakayı , and they started talking about it and started doing something about it .
and there &apos;s 10,000 people on youtube right now .
even in the first seven days , there was a parodi for other days of the week .
unlike the only way in the 20th century , it shows how we are part of a phenomenon -- or by doing something new , or doing something new .
it &apos;s the only kind of animated cat that &apos;s not going to be a single piece of music .
that &apos;s exactly what it is .
they watched almost 50 million times this year .
and if you think that &apos;s weird , you know , there &apos;s a saatlik version of the four million hours of it .
even the cats were watching this video .
the cats were watching this video that followed the video .
but what &apos;s important here is that this guy , the bilgisayar , is inspired by creativity .
there was a remixleri .
somebody had a old version of time .
and then it became international .
it &apos;s a great remix community that makes it not just a stupid joke , but it &apos;s a great remix community .
because we &apos;re not just eğlenmekle , but we &apos;re participating .
and who would have predicted them ?
who would imagine &quot; double rainbow &quot; or &quot; cat cat &quot; or &quot; cat cat &quot; ?
what scenarios are you doing in that ?
every minute the video of the video , in a world where the video of the video can be heard , is not just a unique and unexpected thing to do .
when a friend of mine said that a man in new york city , who was protesting the new york city &apos;s bike sentences , i must admit that it &apos;s too much .
there &apos;s a biletim for a bicycle , but there are the barriers that are holding a good track on a bicycle track .
it &apos;s completely surprising and funny , and as funny , casey niestat the idea of a funny idea of seven million times .
and this new approach applies to every new thing that we do in a creative way .
and all of this brings us to a big question .
what does that mean ?
it was ahhh .
what does that mean ?
the trend is that the creative participating societies , the new kinds of media and the new kinds of media and new kinds of culture that everyone can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to see .
i mean , as i mentioned earlier , justin bieber , who is one of the greatest starlarından in the world , did it at youtube .
no one has to burn the green light .
and now we &apos;re all in our own pop culture .
and these aren &apos;t the characteristics of the old media , and they &apos;re not nearly valid for the media in today &apos;s media , but the future of the future is not understood .
thank you .
the three kuşaktan women &apos;s ties , and the 14 year-old girls who have been stuck with a little bit of a şaşırtıcı girl in china for more than 30 years and night , with a little girl , her mother and her sister , who &apos;s going to be able to tell you how to tell you , and how can we ever be able to tell you how to go in 10 minutes ?
that &apos;s not the finished story .
this is a yapboz that &apos;s still going together .
let me tell you some of these things .
so imagine the first piece : a man &apos;s job is destroying the jobs of his life .
he &apos;s a poet , a playwright , a playwright , a man whose country hopes for the unity and freedom of his country .
imagine that as a komunist that goes to &apos; , you can imagine that your life has a total loss of time .
words , for a long time , have been alay with him .
he was in silence .
because of the history of history , it was dead .
that guy is my grandfather .
i had no chance of recognition .
but our lives are much more than that .
my grandmother never allowed her to remember his life .
my mission was not allowed to destroy him , and the lesson that i needed to do was to do that : yes , the history of history has tried to destroy us , but we have to do this .
the other part of the yapbozun is a ship owned by the dawn of dawn in the high seas .
my mother was 18 years old when her father died -- he was already in his usulü style -- and two girls had brought to the world .
for him , life was a single duty : his family &apos;s escape and a new life in australia .
it was kind of almaz for him .
after four years of efsaneden against the hayale , a ship thrown into the fishing boat was inaugurated .
all the adults don &apos;t worry .
the biggest fear is hackers , rape and ölümdü .
so , like a lot of adults , my mother is also a little bottle of poison in my mom .
my sister , my sister and i , and then my grandmother , and my grandmother .
the first time i spent my first time on the ship -- the engine of motor , the constant rhythm of the engine , the vast horizon , the vast horizon .
but i don &apos;t remember that the adamların of the men , or the motor of the motor , had been hit over and over and over and over and over six hours .
i remember the young man who died of the oil tower off the coast of malaysia , and he ended up with her , and i remember the first apple that i was eating , and she gave me the guys who had done it .
it tastes like no elmanın .
three months after the refugee camp , we went to melbourne .
the other part of the yapbozun is about four women with new life to create a new life .
i &apos;m going to go to &apos; , and i &apos;m a worker of a worker who &apos;s a sınıfı immigrant .
i didn &apos;t have anything to be right in &apos; , unlike the middle middle-class class in the middle of its existence .
it was coming from the gates to the rest of the world .
and in the english words , which was said to be the only one in the english words , there was a trade-off between the people who have been able to come back to life .
my mother worked , and then six days , the twin line of labor .
he found a way to work in english , and he took the information technology .
it was fakirdik .
all the dollars have been pushed aside , and in addition to things that are missing , they &apos;re not going to be able to be able to do that , and according to math classes , they &apos;re often new , and they &apos;re always in the second hand .
they were each of these two pair of gloves that were used in school to wear delikleri holes .
i &apos;m going to go through a school , because i &apos;m going to die for six years .
and it was very rarely , &quot; çekik , &quot; and occasionally there was graffiti in the wall . &quot; asia , go home . &quot;
where are you home ?
you can &apos;t read something .
there was a pile of yığını , and he said , &quot; i &apos;ll ignore you . &quot;
my mother , my sister and i were in the bed .
my mother would be very tired every night , but still tell each other how he was going to know how to live in the house .
my mother didn &apos;t talk about shipping at night .
and my job is that when i start to see that magic , i &apos;m awake .
he opened a computer shop , and he was trained to be a beauty expert , and it was another .
and the women also brought their stories to their stories , and they were angry and angry about the stories of men and women who were angry and outraged .
aid and sponsors are arandı .
they were set up .
i lived in parallel worlds .
in one of them , i was a fellow fellow of the asian classic , which was olan .
he was able to break off the ağına network , where he left a tragic iz of drugs and drugs .
but it has been helped for many years .
and because of that business , the rule of law was called the young man in the year .
and the other part of it is that we can move from one part to another , and the sides of the parts interact together .
i̇simsiz resident tan le artık was now invited to the home , where she is now invited to the places that he never had before , and she was invited to the places he had never had before he had ever had .
i didn &apos;t know the protocols .
i didn &apos;t know if she was using knives .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about wine .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
i wanted to go back to the life of the unknown , and to go back to the rahatlığına of life -- almost 20 years of what i &apos;ve been doing in the same way as a grandmother , a mother , a mother , a mother , a mother , a mother , a mother , a mother , a mother and two daughters .
i told my mother to do that .
and he reminded me that i was at the same age as i was going to the ship .
&quot; no , &quot; never had an option .
he said , &quot; just do it , &quot; and he said , &quot; it &apos;s just like it &apos;s one . &quot;
so i &apos;ve been able to ignore the fact that young people are in education and their rights and their rights and rights .
and i was asked to speak more deeply , more often .
i met all sorts of people , most of whom they loved , had a life full of ihtimallerle .
and even though i didn &apos;t get a school degree , i noticed a career in law .
it had to be part of the yapbozun .
and at the same time , i realized that being a foreigner is a good thing to be in the stage -- and not just a good thing -- and it &apos;s not just a good thing , but it &apos;s also a gift from the ship .
because one of the things that means being able to be in the inside can mean that you can easily recognize that your expertise can be easily accepted .
i went out to know how to do that safe , and yes , the world is separated , but not the way it is .
i &apos;m not going to be able to live in an unusual way .
there was a energy that was there , a iyimselik , tevazu mixture , a tevazu mixture .
and i followed the interior minister .
i set up a small team of takım , a small team of oluşturdum. , who said , &quot; başarılabilir . &quot;
we &apos;ve never paid any money for a year .
at the end of every day , i would make a kase soup that we all shared .
they &apos;re going to be late every night .
most of our ideas , but it &apos;s a little bit of a small part of our ideas , and we &apos;ve made the big bang .
after a single geziden , the u.s.
i got the decision .
again , i &apos;ve listened to it .
three months later , the taşınmıştım and adventure continued .
so before i finish , let me tell you .
it grew up when the social norms and the important person was mandarin .
life has been değişmemişti for centuries .
his father died shortly after he was born .
her mother couldn &apos;t get her alone .
he was the second wife of a 17-year-old mandarin , her husband &apos;s mother was violent .
because he had no support for the kocasından , he gave him an outcry , and he gave her an impression , and he had a greater appeal .
it turns out it &apos;s wrong .
i was in melbourne , 600 miles away from life in melbourne , where i was walking in a hotel room in sydney .
i saw it on the other side , and i saw it on the other side .
i knew goodbye to goodbye .
after minutes , my mother called .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist neighborhood in &apos; , and we sat in the çevresine environment .
we told stories and we wanted to make sure that he was still with us .
at midnight , half said he had to come and shut down .
my mother asked my grandmother to take her hand .
&quot; why are the rest of the hand so warm ? &quot; he asked .
he said , &quot; well , since you &apos;ve been in touch , &quot; he said .
&quot; let &apos;s not let go . &quot;
if you have a power of energy , that &apos;s the transition between women .
and because we know who we are and how life can change us , we can &apos;t live our lives anymore .
it &apos;s very easy to do .
now i want to be my children , and i think of the ship .
who wants to do something like that ?
still , i &apos;m afraid i &apos;m scared , i &apos;m afraid of help .
can i give every calorie of my life to a bir pruvayı , a large scale that doesn &apos;t come out of the engine and anything that doesn &apos;t make any sense ?
i don &apos;t know .
but if i didn &apos;t do that , i would do it again , i would do it .
and also , his mother &apos;s mother is the fourth or fifth of us .
so i &apos;m here to share my work .
so is this photography ?
because , of course , this is not a photograph of the camera .
and yet , when i was 15 years old , i started my first photograph when i was 15 years old .
i was connected with my previous passion , but i was a little different because i was a little bit different from using photography .
and when you take a picture of the camera , you get the process into the deklanşöre .
and in my view , photography is more likely to be in the right place at the right time .
and i thought , everybody can do that .
so i wanted to create something different , which is something that the process began to slow down .
photos like this : construction work on a busy road .
but it &apos;s an unexpected game .
and yet , there &apos;s a level of reality .
or pictures like this -- both dark and colorful , but the level of reality is shared with common purpose .
and when i say that , i mean , i mean , i mean .
because , of course , it &apos;s not really something that &apos;s really yakalayabileceğiniz , but i &apos;d always like to look like a picture of the camera .
it &apos;s the pictures that require you to think of a short amount of time to solve our minds .
so this is really about the idea of getting a moment into a moment .
what makes it a trick ?
is it something that you can or something about color ?
is it something that is related ?
what is the yaratan ?
sometimes it creates illusion illusion .
but finally , everything is about how to fix the world and how to fix the two-dimensional surface .
that &apos;s what we think is really what &apos;s really going on , not really realistic .
so i think the building is quite simple .
i see this as a yap-boz that we put into the reality of reality and create another reality .
let me show you a simple example .
there &apos;s a physical nesnemiz that can be able to be perfect in three perfect ways , and it &apos;s something that we &apos;re all in a three-dimensional world .
but the combination of a particular way , it &apos;s still a three-dimensional thing , and it &apos;s like , you know , it &apos;s varolabilirmiş .
but at the same time , we know it can &apos;t .
i mean , it doesn &apos;t matter if our brain doesn &apos;t really accept the fact that it doesn &apos;t really make sense .
and i see the same thing as though you can hear the photos .
and this is actually about different gerçeklikleri .
so what makes a photo is something that makes it realistic , i think , things that we don &apos;t know about our daily lives .
but if you take the pictures , it &apos;s really important to think , because otherwise it seems wrong .
what i want to say is there are three simple rules that need to be followed to get realistic results .
as you can see , there &apos;s no special part of these pictures .
but they &apos;re creating something like this .
so the first rule is that the images of the birleştirilen have to be the same .
secondly , the photos of the birleştirilen have to be the same species .
and in these two images , there are two conditions -- the same light and the same light .
the third is that , by putting the place where it &apos;s going to be , it &apos;s about where the different pictures are going to go to the end of the different pictures .
it &apos;s impossible to make the picture that the picture is united .
the color of the different images , the color and the parlaklığı of the different pictures , we put it in the middle of the spectrum , and we make it look like a resimmiş , and we make it look like a single resimmiş , and we make it look like a single picture , even though the only picture is basically hundreds of layers .
here &apos;s another example .
people think that &apos;s an image of a land and that it is the oynanmış side .
but in fact , this picture took pictures of photographs of different places .
personally , i think it &apos;s a place to create a place , to find a place more easily , because that &apos;s how we &apos;re going to be able to compromise the ideas that we have .
but it requires a lot of planning .
and i knew that this idea was just a few months to find out different places that would create the parts of the winter , the planning and the basic parts of it .
so , for example , fish were taken out of fish fish .
ise is different .
the water was taken out of a stone bag .
and yes , i even turned the house on the top of the island to look even more tarzı .
so to get a realistic result , i think it &apos;s going to happen through planning .
it always starts with a draft , an idea .
then it comes into different pictures .
and there &apos;s a whole bunch of good things .
and when you take a good job , you have a pretty good job , and it &apos;s also quite realistic .
so there are all the ingredients that we need and the only thing that limits us is imagination .
thank you .
i want to talk to you why i want to talk about the failure of lots of e-health projects .
and i think the most important thing is that we have to let patients hear .
and one of the things that we did at the university of radboud was a listening official , atamak .
not a science , not a science -- a bit of tea or coffee , and the patients ask families , &quot; how does it go ? &quot;
how can we help you ? &quot;
and what we want to think about is that we want to think like this , that &apos;s all -- maybe not all -- but one of the big problems that most of the e-health project has failed to fail is to listen .
this is my wifi . it &apos;s very simple .
there &apos;s one button , the open / closed .
and every morning , i &apos;m on top of it .
and yes , i have a goal , as you can see .
and my goal is to lose 95 pounds .
but it &apos;s so easy , when you &apos;re not going to be able to go on it , you &apos;re going to go to google health .
and i &apos;m going to take this data , and it turns out that it &apos;s a problem , so it &apos;s not what i &apos;m going to do in terms of weight , but it &apos;s not at all , but it &apos;s also looking at the past .
but there &apos;s something else .
some of you know , there are more than 4,000 people in twitter .
every morning , i &apos;m going to go back to my wifi , and i &apos;m going to talk more about it , people start talking to me , and they &apos;re starting to talk to me , &quot; i think it &apos;s a lightweight lunch today . &quot;
but this is the tiniest behavior that can happen , because pressure pressure from this friend would help patients in the past -- it could be used for the obesity &apos; smoking .
but on the other hand , it can be used to create a kind of game that can be used to allow people to take care of their health and gain more control over their health .
starting next week , it will be ready for use .
it &apos;s going to be this little pressure device that &apos;s going to be linked to something or something like this .
and people , in their own home , their tansiyonlarını , the tansiyonlarını , the doktorlarına , and finally , they &apos;re going to lose over a hundred dollars .
and at this point , patients will go to the pitch and get their own kontrollerini , and they &apos;re not going to get the captain of their own ship , but they will help us in health insurance , as well as the cost of health insurance , twice as much as possible .
you &apos;re starting to get the use of patients in the team and get patients in the team .
and you can do this , you can do this kind of tekniklerle , but you can also do it .
i &apos;d like to share with you one of the things that we &apos;ve done with one of the things that we do .
we all have navigation control in our car .
you can even have a cell phone .
we know all the atms in the maastricht city that we know pretty well .
another thing we know is where the gas stations are .
and of course , we can find fast food food .
but where could it be the closest to the patient &apos;s help ?
we asked people , but nobody knew .
no one knew where the temple of life that was supposed to be .
so we did all the netherlands .
we set up a website , and we wanted to say , &quot; if you see a dinosaur , please send it , please send it , tell where it &apos;s open , &quot; because sometimes they can stay indoors .
and more than 10,000 people in the netherlands already have been sent .
the next step we were doing was to find the applications for him .
we did an ipad application .
it &apos;s an increase in reality , and we &apos;ve done an app to find this aed .
it &apos;s kind of like the maastricht , and one of you can use your iphone , you can use your iphone , and within a few weeks microsoft &apos;s mobile phone will be able to find the nearest aed of life .
so from today , we want to introduce this to you , not just as olarak , which is called the product , but it &apos;s also aed4us .
we want to start this worldwide .
we want our colleagues around the world to help us to act as a movement to make all of these aed in the world , and to act like a center to work and work .
whenever you &apos;re hungry and somebody &apos;s going to die , or you &apos;re just one , or one , you can find that .
another thing we want is companies around the world that can help us get these aed .
it can be the people who do work or the cable work , and it &apos;s just a place to see what &apos;s going on on the ground , to see if they &apos;re still in place .
please help us , and not just to do health , but to take control of control .
thank you .
i &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries today .
i work in the solar technology industry .
and the little beginning is to find ourselves in the environment , to find ways to engage ourselves in the environment .
so , to take into account this mass source .
this is a short video of what we do .
wait for a minute .
it can take a little bit of time .
it &apos;s actually -- you can &apos;t read the video , it &apos;s not .
no .
but that &apos;s ...
okay .
solar technology .
oh , my time is finished ?
okay . thank you very much .
i started a program that would allow me to take a whole year from a bright technology and design design in the fields of a couple of years ago , which is expected to almost hate everything that is expected to be in state institutions .
this is the name of the program for america , and it &apos;s a bit like a teknoloji peace force .
we pick up a few friends every year and make them work together .
we &apos;re putting them in the third world , and we put them in the city hall .
and they create wonderful applications with municipal employees .
but what they actually do is they show what &apos;s possible today with technology .
meet it .
it &apos;s a fire hydrant in the city of boston .
now , al jazeera looks like a flört , but actually it &apos;s one of the things that he &apos;s wanted to do , because al jazeera is one of the very effective things in the fight against the yangınla car .
now , how did al jazeera be able to help in this very unique way ?
we had a team that worked in boston last year as part of the initiative for america .
in february , oradalardı and last february .
and they realized that the mayor would never be able to stop this fire .
but especially a friend , erik michaels-ober , was more aware of something else , which is the fact that citizens are going to get rid of this fire in front of the fire .
so he did a good computer , he did a practice .
this is a yangın adoption , a little cute app .
so when it comes to snow , you &apos;ve agreed that you can take this faucet .
if you do that , you &apos;re going to put the name of the name , and then erik then put it in the first fire musluguna .
if i can , i can play it with you .
there &apos;s a lovely little game dynamics in this practice .
this is a modest little app .
this is probably the smallest of the 21 apps that guys wrote last year .
but this app does nothing without any institutional technology .
it spreads online .
one of the honolulu municipality has been working in this part of the it section , and it does not realize that the city &apos;s residents are pushing for adoptions , but not for the adoption of the tsunami .
it &apos;s very important to work with this tsunami , but people are playing bataryalarını .
so this friend has led to the control of residents .
and then the seattle decided to use this practice , to ensure that residents are separated from the bars .
chicago has yet to implement this practice , to clean up the fact that residents are going to lose snow .
we know nine other cities that plan to use this application .
this is an application , and it &apos;s spread naturally and organic .
if you know anything about the technologies of institutions , you know that things don &apos;t normally work .
it &apos;s usually a few years to get a software .
last year , a team worked in boston , where three people worked for about 2.5 months .
it was a way to help me decide which state school is appropriate for children .
and then he told us that this project would cost us at least two years and two million dollars .
and that &apos;s nothing .
now there &apos;s a project on the california court systems , which has cost taxpayers $ 2m so far , and they didn &apos;t work .
and these kinds of projects , they have government institutions .
because of that , a few days of this practice that &apos;s spread through the internet is like a warning shot of the institutions of institutions that are spread online .
it &apos;s not like a lot of people think about how institutions are going to be better , and they &apos;re more like a lot of private companies .
it &apos;s not like the technology company , but it &apos;s more like the internet itself .
it means that you don &apos;t have to say that , you know , this is open , that &apos;s these productive .
and that &apos;s very important .
this is what &apos;s even more important about this application , which is that this new generation is how the institutions of institutions are taking the problems -- not the problem of kemikleşmiş , but the problem of common purpose .
it &apos;s a very good news , because it turns out we &apos;re very good at collaborative technology .
now , a large group of people are developing the tools to develop the tools for efficient efficiency .
not just for america , but in the group of friends , but hundreds of people from all over the country , and they &apos;re able to develop urban practices for their communities .
they don &apos;t understand their institutions &apos; prospects .
they don &apos;t even notice , but they don &apos;t complain , they don &apos;t complain .
and these guys know what we &apos;re looking at .
and that is , if you talk about the length of the lines and the other things that really betray us from the other things that really betray us , we &apos;re going to be able to be able to do things with the deyişi of the &apos; , the institutions of the &apos; .
many people cut off from the institutions .
if you &apos;re one of those people , i would like to ask you to rethink , because something is changing .
politics doesn &apos;t change ; institutions change .
institutions are basically taking power from us -- remember , &quot; what are we humans ? &quot; and how we think about the change that we think about .
i didn &apos;t know much about the institutions that i was doing this program .
and , like many people , i was thinking that institutions are essentially about bringing to the authorities .
i came to this conclusion after two years , especially in the local government , which is what i &apos;m interested in .
this is a call centre for information and mentoring .
this is the place where you get a lot of service on your website .
if you have no chance of working at any kind of office center in any way , it &apos;s like , in fact , this is what scott silverman did as part of the program -- in fact , the whole team was able to find a very broad set of problems that could be trapped in the homes of the institutions in their homes .
scott is the answer .
&quot; keseli sıçan &quot; writer .
it &apos;s not going to happen . it &apos;s başlar .
and finally , say , &quot; look , look , if you open the doors of your house all the doors to your house , can you go and try and do that ? &quot;
and that &apos;s how it worked . well , it &apos;s scott .
but this was not the end of the keseli .
boston doesn &apos;t have any call center .
it has a practice , and it &apos;s a mobile application , it &apos;s called &quot; the connection of citizens &quot; and a mobile app .
this is the practice .
it &apos;s a very smart study of the new urban mekanikler office .
one day -- it &apos;s a real report -- this is what it &apos;s like : &quot; i don &apos;t know if you &apos;re dead . i don &apos;t know if you &apos;re dead .
how do you get it from ? &quot;
it &apos;s a little different from the citizens &apos; connection application .
scott was talking directly to the person .
but everything that citizens can see is public , so everyone can see it .
and in this case , it saw a neighboring that .
the next report we got was saying , &quot; i &apos;ve walked out of this mevkiiye , and i found out the house of garbage .
? sıçan ? control . is it alive ? yes .
i was on the side side of the garbage dump . i walked home .
the good night was sweet . &quot;
it &apos;s pretty simple .
this is great . it &apos;s meeting with physical life .
and it is also a good example of the fact that institutions are starting to get some work into the public .
it &apos;s a good example of the institutions becoming a platform .
and i don &apos;t mean platforms .
i &apos;m talking about a platformdan that people have to help them and others .
one citizen helped the other citizens , and institutions played a key role here .
this brings together two people .
if they were needed , they would also bring together institutional institutions , but in the institutional framework , it is both a better and cheaper alternative .
when they help from a neighbouring from one neighbour , we also get to our society .
the animal control unit costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things we need to think about institutions is that politics is not the same thing .
many people have seen this , but they see somebody as the other person .
it &apos;s the oyumuzdur that we &apos;re using in the system of institutions .
how many times , we chose a political leader -- and sometimes we spent a lot of new political leader to choose a new political leader -- and then we sat down and we would sit down , and we certainly have a lot of changes ?
this is what institutions are , and the institutions are like a big ocean , and politics is the top surface of its 20 .
and we call this surface altındakine .
we tell you how to hate this word .
and this is the kind of thing that we have to do with this thing that we pay for , and that &apos;s what we &apos;re paying for , and that &apos;s the other thing , and then we get ourselves out of it .
people seem to think that policy is attractive .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make it attractive .
because that &apos;s where the state institutions are in real work .
the mechanisms of state institutions are interconnected .
and this is what the occupythesec movement does .
have you seen these guys ?
this was a group responsible for a group of very detailed 325 , and this report was the answer to the sec &apos;s rejection of the financial reform bill .
it &apos;s not politically active , it &apos;s actually active .
now , when we cut off the state institutions , it is time to leave our children with the world that we want to leave our children .
we need to see that very big zorluklarını .
do we really believe that this particular institution that &apos;s going to be able to get to the point that we &apos;re going to get to the point that we &apos;re going to do ?
without institutions , we can &apos;t do it , but we need more effective institutions .
the good news is that technology is making the functions of state institutions in a way that can fundamentally regulate the functionality of state institutions .
there &apos;s a generation that has grown out there with the internet , and they &apos;re not so difficult to do something together , but they know that they need to design systems right .
the average age of our friends is 28 , and i &apos;m , you know , almost a generation of yaşlıyım .
this is a new generation of people who are very excited about taking their own voice .
they don &apos;t have the struggle to talk about who we do ; they all talk .
they &apos;re always thinking about their thoughts , and they always do it , and they do it .
so when they faced a problem with state institutions , they would be very good at raising their voices .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write their way to better work in the state institutions .
and these practices allow us to use the opportunity to make our hands better .
it could be a fire box that would be able to clean up a fire box , put it in the wild , and turn it into a garbage box .
well , we may have been able to get rid of that fire since we &apos;ve gone away .
but these practices are just like the consumer , the state institutions , the tax , and the consumers that serve the services and the services that serve the service .
if we &apos;re more comfortable , we &apos;re vatandaşlarız .
and if you don &apos;t understand the concept of citizenship , you can trust state institutions .
so what &apos;s my question here for everybody here is , we &apos;re all going to do it together , and we &apos;re all going to be the great , big , important things , we &apos;re just going to be the voices of the crowd , or are you at the same time ?
thank you .
and i &apos;m going to show you the role of how wonderful technologies that are coming out of it , and i &apos;m going to tell you what i &apos;m going to do here , and i &apos;m going to show you what i &apos;m really thinking about , and i &apos;m just going to show you a very , very boring technology slide here , just as quickly as you can see what &apos;s going on here .
so if you put the slide on it ...
this is a slide from a random slide .
but i want to show you the form of his general , rather than the detaylarından .
this is a slide of some of the analizlere that we &apos;ve been doing about the power of local networks in karşılık gücüne .
and what &apos;s interesting about this slide is that there &apos;s a sort of flat line on a logaritmik curve that we &apos;re used to , as we &apos;re used to .
in other words , each step here shows you a scale of magnitude .
and this thing about the yarı curve is something that we &apos;re talking about is something new .
there &apos;s really some weird stuff happening here .
and that &apos;s basically what i &apos;m going to talk about .
if you don &apos;t get the lights up , you can get it .
i &apos;ll make the lights a little bit easier , because i &apos;m going to use a piece of paper here .
now , why can &apos;t we call it a logaritmik curve ?
and the answer to that is , let &apos;s say that if you &apos;re focusing on a normal curve , this is a kind of time and a bit of the scale of the technology that i &apos;m trying to imagine , which is a little bit ridiculous .
it goes like this .
and they didn &apos;t tell us much .
now , for example , if you &apos;re going to put a straight line on the ulaşım curve of transport technology , it looks very ridiculous .
but when something like this happens , these are değişiyor .
so , if i had access to the hızlı technology as quickly as the işlemci technology , i could be in the next day in tokyo .
but that &apos;s how it works .
in the history of technological development every few years , it &apos;s not just about the growth of this kind of thing that generates your own growth .
now , what i &apos;d like to ask you is , if you look at this üssel , they don &apos;t keep going forever .
maybe they &apos;re going to move as fast as they are .
one of two things will happen .
it &apos;s just as if you &apos;re going to see something completely different , or that &apos;s going to happen .
that &apos;s all can happen .
as an optimist , i think it &apos;s probably going to be something like this .
so , if that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing right now , this is a transition .
that &apos;s what it means now that it &apos;s the way that the world is in a new situation where it &apos;s in the past .
so what i &apos;m trying to ask myself is , what is the new way that the world i &apos;m going to ask myself to ask ?
what is this new situation in the world ?
because the change of change seems very , very confusing .
and when i was a child , it was going to happen , like 2000 , 2000 . and people didn &apos;t talk about what was going to happen in 2000 .
here &apos;s a conference that people talked about in the future , and you can see that you &apos;re still in the middle of 2000 .
it &apos;s almost the most gidebildiğimiz remoteness .
so in other words , it &apos;s as if all of my life is getting smaller for a year .
and i think the reason is because we all feel that there &apos;s something out there .
this transition is happening . we all do this .
and we know that for 30 years , it doesn &apos;t make much sense to design 50 years , because everything will be so different , and it &apos;s not a simple thing that we &apos;re doing .
so what i want to talk about is what i want to do with this change .
i &apos;m going to have to talk about a couple of things that don &apos;t have to do with technology or computers to do that .
i think the only way you can do that is that you can actually go back and find a long time .
i want to look at the time of life on earth .
i think when you look at this a few billion years of time , the picture begins to make meaning .
if you go back to the two and a half billion years , the world is inefficient , a lot of kimyasalın , a big rock .
if we look at how these chemicals are organized , we start to have a lot of ideas about how they do it .
but i think there are some theories that start to understand how this is rna , but first of all , i &apos;m going to tell him a simple kind of story that i &apos;m going to tell you .
and some of these oil spills are a special chemical kombinasyon that allows them to take chemicals from outside .
and that way , the ones that were left and started to have a split .
this is a little bit of fat , in some sense , the most primitive cell .
this fatty oil is not really alive today , because each one of them is değillerdi chemical formüldü .
and every one of these chemicals is an equal division of chemicals .
so each drop was slightly different .
in fact , it &apos;s going to grow more and more and more , more and more of the chemicals that are going to be going to be able to get involved in the chemicals , including the chemicals and the chemicals in it .
these are the theories that are longer and more fenotipe .
now , these are a kind of a very simple life , but it &apos;s starting to work when you get a trick on the soyutlama of your mind .
so we didn &apos;t understand that in a way that we didn &apos;t understand a lot .
the recipe for the cell was to register the information on a special species called dna .
in other words , in a sense , in a sense , the ability to share evolutionary ways , which allows us to know what they are , they &apos;ve discovered the ability to register .
the surprising thing is that the ability of this record has been unchanged , two and a half billion years ago .
in fact , we &apos;re in the form of the code , the exact same code and the code .
in fact , all living beings are written with exactly the same letters and code .
in fact , one of the things that i do is just to do things that i do for a piece of fun .
here &apos;s what i &apos;m trying to do here , where i &apos;m trying to get the güvenlik of the güvenlik in the security missions .
we have the standard letter that we use to crush it within the code . that &apos;s what i do , and i can write a piece of dna on it , and i can write it over 10 times .
if you have a hundred million copies of what you &apos;ve got , everyone in this room has a lot of money for everybody in this room . there &apos;s everybody in the world . here it is .
if i was really a egoist , i would put it into a virus and put it into the room .
so what was next step ?
it &apos;s an interesting step to record dna .
and that made these cells happier for a few billion years .
but then , it took me a very interesting step from everything else , which is that these cells start to exchange information and communicate , starting with cell communities .
i don &apos;t know if we can , but bacteria can actually do dna .
so , for example , they evolved antibiotic resistance .
and some bacteria discovered how to stay away from the trees , and with other bacteria , they spread to the other bacteria , and that &apos;s how the bacteria evolved , and the bacteria have a lot of bakterimiz .
it allowed the communities of the communities to create condoms in a way .
so they survived , or they failed together , so the community was more başarılıydıysa in the topluluktaki community than all individuals in the community .
the point of transformation is that these communities are going to have a lot of yakınlaşıp , actually , that they decide to come together and write a single piece of dna from the whole community .
and the next interesting thing for life has taken about a billion years .
and there &apos;s a lot of topluluklarımız in this stage that we have a lot of cells , different kinds of cells .
we &apos;re actually going to have a lot of hücreliler .
now we have a lot of people who are not just for themselves .
the skin cells , the heart cell , can &apos;t be used without the brain cell , the brain cell .
so these societies began to get started , so that the level of evolution is no longer a single cell , but the organism is what we call the organism .
the next step was in these communities .
these cell communities began to get information out of information .
they started to develop very specific structures that were not doing anything in the community .
these are neural markers .
the neurons that these communities are creating , they &apos;re processing information .
they &apos;re actually starting to create structures in the community and the knowledge of the knowledge and the ability to record information .
these are the brain &apos;s brain and neurons .
and that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
because at this point , an individual , learning , that &apos;s the time of a single organism , instead of all the evolutionary time .
so , for example , a organism doesn &apos;t seem bad , and the last time it takes a certain kind of meyveyi , which is a certain kind of meyveyi .
this is a single organism &apos;s life expectancy , but it was supposed to be evolutionary , as a result of the fact that this particular information processing structures could be able to take over hundreds of thousands of years from eating .
the nervous system that they actually make , these special information processing structures , are accelerating the whole evolutionary process .
because evolution is no longer a single one .
we &apos;re not going to get rid of this learning period .
and then , of course , individuals learned how to communicate .
for example , the most sophisticated version of this is the human being .
it &apos;s a pretty surprising way of thinking about it .
there &apos;s a lot of dağınık and kafa thinking .
and i &apos;m going to sit down here , and i &apos;m hoping to create a dağınık and astonishing thought , which is basically the paralellik of the sounds that you have in your mind .
and by taking something that &apos;s very complex , we can put it into sound , line up with sound , and build something very complex in your brain .
so this enables us to work as a single organism .
so what we &apos;re doing is , actually , we &apos;re going to see humanity as human beings .
we &apos;re going through the same activity where we &apos;re going to be able to transmit information , submit and monitor information , to be able to be able to use the same .
as an example , the language of language is a very small step in that direction .
telefonculuk , computers , video videos , cd-rom components and all these things are the skills that we built in our society to deal with this information .
and they connect to something much bigger than we &apos;ve ever been , much more quickly than we are .
evolution can occur in seconds .
you &apos;ve seen a little bit of evolution in the evolution of a small kind of evolution , a small example of evolution .
now we &apos;re going to see once again again .
it took me a billion years of the story that i gave you the first step .
it took a few hundred million years of steps like the nervous system and the brain .
more advanced , more than a million years have taken steps .
and it seems like the electronic movement is just going to take a few decades .
the process is nurturing itself , it becomes otokatalizör , i think it &apos;s the best word that i think is the best word for change .
our children are changing faster .
so , i think this is what the slope of the curve looks like .
we see that this process feeds itself .
and i &apos;m having a living computer , and i know that , without the latest developments , the mechanisms that i use without the latest developments would be impossible .
so i &apos;m not going to have that complicated objects that are really impossible to design them in traditional ways .
i don &apos;t know what the connection is doing with each other .
we &apos;ve got it there .
instead , the designers and the designers in the thinking , a little abstract thinking , can think of it as a little bit more abstract and make it much more quickly than the machine .
and in fact , we don &apos;t really understand that as we don &apos;t understand .
a particularly interesting way that i used a lot of time is evolution itself .
so what we &apos;re doing is we &apos;re going to build a process of evolution that happens in mikro , saniye .
as an example , when you get a random command , you get a program of random command .
so , for example , &quot; computer please , &quot; i &apos;m going to say , &quot; you &apos;re going to have a hundred million command command command . &quot;
now please have all these random command posts , and all these programs are going to do the closest thing i want to do . &quot;
in other words , it was tanımlarım .
so , i want to do the number that i do as an example of the number .
now find the most yaklaşan programs in the list .
of course , if you put the numbers on a random assignment , you can see that there &apos;s no probability of that .
but one of them could put two numbers in the right place .
and then i say , &quot; the computer is the best job you can do with this random command .
you don &apos;t have the others to hold them .
now , the numbers are going to be üret again .
and we can redefine them in the process of redefining sex .
it &apos;s the two programs , and changes the çocuk , and it &apos;s a child who inherited the characteristics of both programdaki programs .
so in my hand , there &apos;s a new generation of programs that make a little bit better work programs .
let &apos;s call the process &quot; tekrarla . &quot;
it &apos;s again .
it was a bit of a mutation .
and again , again , do it for another generation .
each one of these jenerasyonların takes only a few miles .
so i can do evolution in millions of minutes in a computer , and i can do a few hours in complex situations , or a few hours .
at the end of the day , i &apos;m going to have programs that i &apos;m definitely describing in my hand .
and in fact , these are the verimlidirler programs that i &apos;m doing .
now i can &apos;t tell you how these programs work .
i tried to study them , tell you how they work .
understanding , weird programs .
but the task is not to be done .
in fact , i &apos;m sure you &apos;re going to get involved because you &apos;re going to get hundreds of thousands of programs to work .
they actually depend on their lives .
i had a 747 with birkeresinde marvin , and he took this card , and he said , &quot; oh look , look at this . look at this .
do you make sure you &apos;re going to make yourself sure that there are hundreds of thousands of little bits working together to make you feel safe ?
we actually know that the engineering process doesn &apos;t work well .
we &apos;re starting to trust computers with very different processes .
it allows us to create something much more complicated than the usual mühendisliğin .
and we don &apos;t have a lot of options yet .
in a sense , we are moving ahead .
we &apos;re going to use this process faster , faster computers , to make these programs faster .
so he feeds himself back .
and it &apos;s getting faster , so i think it looks very confusing .
because all of these technologies are themselves .
we &apos;re going through the kalkışa .
it &apos;s a time when hücreli organisms have begun to write a lot of hücreli organisms .
so we &apos;re not going to talk about what we &apos;re talking about , and what we &apos;re going to do for the sake of god .
it was a complete transition .
and i think there &apos;s something that &apos;s really coming out of it .
i think it would be very difficult to think that we were the ultimate product of evolution .
what &apos;s next is what we &apos;re going to do here , what we &apos;re going to do .
and the lunch is getting ready , and i think i &apos;m going to end with you here before i get it .
my story actually starts here two years ago in &apos; .
in a star night , a sufi şarkıcıyla ali called çölde mukhtiar ali . .
and we were talking about nothing in the history of the old indian , &quot; the mahabharata . &quot;
at that time , we &apos;re going to go to the gökyüzüne , two tekerlekli car arabasına , where we want to travel .
we &apos;re doing the same .
and then , at the time , the great indian warrior was the prince of the prince , and he put it on the floor and put it on the floor and put it out there .
now we &apos;re doing the same aletleri and makinalarla .
and the result was that the magic of magic took place .
and that was really üzdü me .
and i realized that i was going to start a little bit korkmaya .
and i was terrified by the idea that i was able to get a picture of my friends , and i was eating the idea that i was eating my friends , and i was appalled by my friends .
and i thought , instead of killing technology , it should be possible .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me a little bit of silver .
and this part of 50 years of technology became the most magical thing in the world .
hayalimde korsanlar became a kapısı of a world of altın , ships and images .
so i felt like i was going to be able to imagine my mobile phone , a fancy saatlerimizin and a picture of my camera .
they &apos;re not going to be esinlenmemizi .
and so i &apos;ve been diving into the world of technology , trying to figure out how to make it possible to kill it .
i &apos;ve been drawing pictures for books since age 19 .
and when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a story that would connect the readers around the world .
you can &apos;t tell you how to fix it .
we know where we are .
it brings together the picture and the text , the sound and the dokunuşu .
the story becomes more complex than storytelling .
so what are we doing with this ?
in fact , i &apos;m going to introduce yı , which is an app for the ipad .
he says , &quot; put your finger on each light . &quot;
and so -- he says , &quot; this box belongs to this person ... &quot; and i wrote a step here .
and i actually become a character in the book .
in various places , i see a little letter coming out -- and the ipad knows where to live because of the gps -- which is actually showing me .
this kind of child in me is really excited about this .
i &apos;ve talked a lot about it .
and i don &apos;t mean , and i mean , i mean , i mean , i mean , the magic of magic , the ideas that we all have when i was a kid .
the idea of a kavanozdaki is for some reason , for some reason .
and there &apos;s the ipad in the ipad , and it comes out of the ipad .
and actually , the book was going to be yolunuzu .
and the other idea that really fascinated me when i was a kid was that the entire galaxy was in a single bilyenin .
and here , every book and every world becomes the magic device inside of this device , a little bilye .
and it opens a map .
since the beginning , it has been the map of all the fantastic books , but these are maps .
this is a map that &apos;s going on , and it &apos;s going to go through the book , and it &apos;s a map of the book .
the book comes at certain points .
i &apos;m going into it now .
the other thing that &apos;s really important for me is that it &apos;s a very özgü , but it &apos;s also a very modern context .
you &apos;re here .
we &apos;ve all heard about it before , and we &apos;ve heard about how many people in india know the kardeşler brothers who know how to smile ?
it was closed for thousands of years in the odalarında rooms of the old and küf kitaptaki book .
and we bring them back to a modern child .
and it &apos;s a story that really matters like environmental crises .
speaking of environmental degradation , i think last 10 years , i think the big problem that we &apos;ve been facing for the past 10 years is to stay out in the rooms of the children in the rooms of the children .
but now we can get out of the mobile technology , the çocuktarımızı , and we can get out of the environment .
and one of the etkileşimlerden in the book is , you know , i &apos;m going to get out of the ipad , and i &apos;m going to take a post that requires you to take pictures of the kameranızı and the different natural objects .
when i was little , there were various koleksiyonlarım , and the stones , the stones , the taşları , and the seamounts .
and somehow the kids don &apos;t do that anymore .
so , this is going out to get back to my childhood childhood , and , in a part , you can take a picture of a flower and then pick it up .
in another part , it &apos;s a picture of a tree shell , and you can &apos;t see it .
and so you actually create a digital photograph collection of online photography .
a child in london takes a picture of a child and says , &quot; i &apos;ve seen a fox today . &quot;
and a child in india , &quot; i saw a monkey today . &quot;
and it creates this kind of social network around a collection of çektiğiniz digital photographs .
magic is really a lot of the possibility of bringing together world and technology .
the next in the next book , we &apos;re working on the ipad from the ipad , and we &apos;re working on the hareketli of the ipad , and you see it in the hareketli of your house outside your home .
at some point , i &apos;m going to get rid of my ekranınız .
and you &apos;ve got to do the wind to make them dağılmak , and that &apos;s how you read the book .
we &apos;re moving towards the technology of nature &apos;s forces , and we &apos;re moving towards a world where magic and technology come together .
we get energy from the sun .
we have a childhood experience that we have with our children and our children , our children and our basic story .
thank you .
this is a great honor for me .
i spent most of my life in cells in cells , in the prisons , death cells .
i spent most of my time in the extreme income neighborhoods , and i spent a lot of hope in projects and places .
and here , being at ted and seeing this call is very much energy for me .
what i &apos;ve seen here in a short time i &apos;ve been here is ted &apos;s identity .
you can tell the world that it will really contribute to the world .
some things go from ted to the other location , and they get to the power , and they have power .
i mean , because i think identity is really important .
we saw some wonderful presentations .
and i think we &apos;ve learned that the stuff that comes out of a öğretmenseniz is something that comes out , but if you really don &apos;t care about it , it &apos;s particularly important .
you can do good things , but you can do something else if you &apos;re worth it .
i want to talk to you about the power of identity .
i didn &apos;t realize that when i was working in the law on law , or doing my job .
i learned from my parents .
i grew up in a traditional african family ; our family chairman was a woman , sertti , güçlüydü , sözü .
the outcome of all the discussions at home is that .
he was also the leader of a lot of controversy .
it was really a slave family .
her parents were born in &apos; in virginia .
he was born in &apos; , and she was born in slavery , and she looked at the world .
it &apos;s sertti , but it &apos;s also sevecendi .
when i went to see a little male çocuğuyken , i would get it hard to see me , and then i would get the hard breath .
when i saw her again after a couple of hours , he said , &quot; bryan , you still feel like you &apos;re laughing ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; no . &quot; i &apos;m going to walk again , &quot; yes , &quot; i &apos;m not comfortable with you .
there &apos;s a kind of feature that you would like to be with .
the only problem was 10 children .
it &apos;s the best of his 10 children .
sometimes when i went to spend time with him , it would be hard to get attention and time .
it &apos;s everywhere you can do .
and when i was eight years old , i remember getting out of the middle of a day , and i remember all the kuzenlerimin .
my grandmother was sitting in front of the room and looked at me .
first , i thought i &apos;d play a game .
i can look at her and see if she can look at it , but he &apos;s very ciddiydi .
fifteen minutes after that , he came back to the other side of the room , he came up to the other side of the room , kept me on the other side , and he said , &quot; come on , i &apos;ve got to talk to you . &quot;
i remember that as if yesterday .
i &apos;ll never forget .
he pulled me out and said , &quot; bryan , i &apos;ll tell you something , but i don &apos;t tell anybody that i said . &quot;
i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;m going to die . &quot;
and i said , &quot; well , it &apos;s calm . &quot;
and then he looked at me , and he looked at me and said , &quot; i want you to make me cry . &quot;
&quot; i think you &apos;re not .
you can do whatever you want . &quot;
i &apos;ll never forget that .
and then he said , &quot; i want you to talk to me for three things . &quot;
i said , &quot; well , i &apos;m going to die . &quot;
&quot; my first wish to you is that i &apos;m always going to die .
i &apos;d like to say that my little daughter and i would always have a look at it . &quot;
i said , &quot; yes , i &apos;m going to die . &quot;
and then he said , &quot; the second thing i want you to do is to do the right thing , even if you have the right thing to do . &quot;
i thought a little bit , and i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;m sorry . &quot;
and finally , he said , &quot; i &apos;m never going to drink you for a third time . &quot;
i was nine years old , so i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;m sorry . &quot;
in the south , i grew up in a rural region , a great ağabeyim and a little girl , a little girl .
when i was 14 to 15 years old , i came home with a bira beer package -- i don &apos;t know where he got it -- i don &apos;t know where she and her sister took the bölgeye .
there were three children who were always doing what we did .
he got a sip of biradan , and she gave my sister , he got a little bit and they gave me .
i said , &quot; no , no , no . no . you don &apos;t . &quot;
ağabeyim said , &quot; come on . today we &apos;re going to do it , you have to do it .
i got a little bit , got my brother . you guys . &quot;
i said , &quot; no , that &apos;s not true to me . you &apos;re for me . &quot;
and then he started to look at me with a steep baseline .
he said , &quot; what do you have ? &quot; he said , &quot; you know what ? &quot;
and then he looked at me and said , &quot; i hope you &apos;re still stuck in what you &apos;re doing in your talk . &quot;
i said , &quot; you &apos;re talking about why . &quot;
&quot; they say they are special and they are special . &quot;
it was yıkılmıştım .
i &apos;ll admit to you something here .
it &apos;s probably something that we need to do .
this is due to be published .
but i &apos;m 52 , and i &apos;ll admit that i &apos;m going to admit to you a drop in my life .
it &apos;s not a very virtuous thing ; i &apos;m saying that we have the power that we have .
we can say the right identity , the world that doesn &apos;t really make sense from the world around us .
they don &apos;t tell them what they think they &apos;re thinking .
when i think about it , of course , the whole of all the grandchildren are özeldi .
my grandfather was married because of my grandfather &apos;s drink .
we &apos;re not going to get rid of the disease that we &apos;re talking about .
that &apos;s what we need to do .
so far , i &apos;ve tried to say something about justice .
our country is very different from 40 years ago .
in 1972 , there were 300,000 people in the prisons .
today , 2.3 million people .
the united states is the world &apos;s most cezası country .
there are seven million people imprisoned as provisional or kefaletli .
and i think , in my view , mass graves change our world .
in the poor in the poor neighborhoods , they have mahallerde , they have mahallerde , they have despair .
one of every three black men between 18 and 30 was in jail , or in jail , or in jail , or in jail .
in cities around the country -- los angeles , philadelphia , baltimore , washington -- 70 percent of the white men are in jail , or the provisional or the provisional , or the sentence .
our system is not just polarised because of the race , but also because of poverty .
the justice system in this country is better prepared if the white and the suçluysanız , the poor and the innocent , are better .
the presence of the consequences is a factor for crime .
yet , we seem to be very rahatmışız .
and the policy of fear and anger is that it &apos;s as if we &apos;re not going to be able to understand somebody else .
connect .
that &apos;s interesting to me .
i see some interesting developments .
my name is alabama , like some other states , if you have a mahkumiyetiniz , if you have a mahkumiyetiniz .
now in alabama , 34 percent of the black men lost their right to vote .
according to him , the rate of voting in the next ten years will be equal before the vote passed by the vote .
and there &apos;s a surprising silence .
i represent children .
it &apos;s very young .
the united states is the only country in the world that convicted 13 of the 13 yasındaki children .
in this country , children are convicted without release .
these cases really happen .
it &apos;s the only country in the world .
i represent the desired people .
this death sentence is very interesting .
in many ways , the real question is whether people are willing to die because of the crimes they have committed .
this is a very reasonable question .
but we can ask this question , according to the identity that we have .
if we do that , the people we have to ask are not to die because of the crimes they have committed , but we don &apos;t want to kill .
i think that &apos;s incredible .
it &apos;s shaped by death punishment in america .
we found that one person was innocent for nine people , and that person was salıverildi .
an amazing error -- one of nine people is innocent .
amazing .
if the shield , one of the nine airplanes of the shield , would never allow any flight .
but somehow we don &apos;t understand that problem .
it &apos;s not our problem .
it &apos;s not our reality .
it &apos;s not our reality .
i talk a lot about these issues .
i &apos;m talking about the ability to kill and kill about killing .
this is very interesting , and i &apos;m talking about the history of the african americans in the history of african americans .
i &apos;m talking to them about the process of restructuring , and i &apos;m talking about the second world war i have .
they don &apos;t know much about him .
but for the american americans , it was an era of terrorism .
many communities are opposed to the dangers of lynching .
they &apos;re not going to be bombalanmaktan .
it &apos;s a terrorist code that shapes their lives .
and these are great ones that come to me and say , &quot; mr. stevenson , talks , you do presentations , you &apos;re going to say , &quot; you &apos;re going to tell people that they &apos;re facing the first time after september 11th . &quot;
they say , &quot; we grew up with them . &quot;
and of course , this terror age followed discrimination and racism .
and unfortunately , we &apos;re not going to talk about the conversation in this country .
we have to talk about our history .
it &apos;s exactly what we &apos;re doing in history because of what we &apos;re doing in history .
we &apos;re constantly going to live with each other .
we create constant tension and conflict .
we have difficulties in our minds , because i think we don &apos;t want to engage ourselves in reality and reconciliation .
in south africa , people understood that they would not be able to reach the truth and compromise .
in rwanda , even during the genocide , we had adanmışlık , but we failed to do that in this country .
i gave a lesson to the death penalty in germany .
büyüleyiciydi , because after the sunumumdan , one of the akademisyenlerden stood up and said , &quot; you can &apos;t hear the person who &apos;s going to hear the person who &apos;s your child .
there is no punishment for death in germany .
naturally , there can never be a death sentence in germany , &quot; he said .
the room , and a woman , and a woman , never can &apos;t allow us to die systematically .
ironically , the human being will be vicdansızlık for us , &quot; he said .
i thought about it .
how would the state of germany be living in a world where the state of the state was killing people , especially if they were jewish ?
i &apos;m going to call it katlanamazdım .
it would have been vicdansızlık .
but the former southern part of this country , we kill people in the country , and if the victim is a victim , it &apos;s 11 times more than the victim of the victims , and if the defendant is convicted , it &apos;s 22 times more than the bones of the people who have been buried on their soil .
but again , we have this argument .
i think we &apos;re not going to be able to do it .
we care about these hard things , we care about positive and wonderful things .
they &apos;re not going to be buluşlara .
you can &apos;t use technology . you can &apos;t improve creativity .
it &apos;s entertainment .
but in fact , if you don &apos;t understand these facts , you don &apos;t believe it , you &apos;re ayrışmayla , you &apos;re marjinalleşmeyle .
i think that &apos;s the two things .
because in essence , we &apos;re talking more about the problems that live in a more hopeful world than the problems that live in a complicated world .
for me , it means to talk about the opportunity to talk to the dezavantajlılarla , the dezavantajlılarla , the ted .
they become part of our life .
you know , in essence , we have to believe in things we don &apos;t see .
and the more we are , the more we are , the more we think of the mind .
innovation is not just the idea of creativity , creativity , development .
and the idea is that we can take power and get the ideas that we create in our minds .
and i think that we &apos;re going to connect to these zihin-kalp , not just bright and alıcı things , but also the dark and difficult things .
major czech leader vaclav havel has mentioned it .
&quot; when we tried to cope with oppression in eastern europe , we wanted all sorts of things , but the most we needed was the umuttu , the ruhumuzu , sometimes in desperate places . &quot;
and i think the spirit of this spirit should be the heart of the ted community .
we don &apos;t allow us to get human and design to make us feel like we &apos;re not going to be allowed to suffer , as long as we don &apos;t have any evidence of technology and design .
but it &apos;s not going to surprise you : having to have such a identity is much more difficult than that .
you &apos;ll find that .
i was honored to meet a young lady with rosa parks .
and when i was in college , next to me , i came to meet the nearest friends , the closest friends , the yaşlıca , the johnnie , the otobüs , the otobüs bus -- a great black woman -- a great black woman -- virginia durr , a white woman .
these women come together and just come together .
arada lady arada hanım , and he said , &quot; bryan , geliyor , come from the city . we &apos;ll come together and talk .
would you like to come and listen ? &quot;
and i would say , &quot; of course i want . &quot;
&quot; what are you going to do when you come here ? &quot;
and i would say , &quot; i &apos;m sorry . &quot;
he goes there and i &apos;m listening .
it gave me energy and power .
once you &apos;re listening to these women there , a couple hours later , a couple hours later , she turned to me and said , &quot; now , tell me what it &apos;s like to be an equal justice initiative .
tell you what to do . &quot;
i started to tell him .
&quot; we &apos;re trying to fight .
we &apos;re trying to help people who are unfair .
we are trying to fight corruption in judicial administration and fight discrimination .
we are trying to help children who are not allowed to receive conditional release talks .
we &apos;re trying to do something about the death penalty .
we &apos;re trying to reduce the number of people in the world .
we are trying to prevent mass injuries . &quot;
and i told her all this zırvalarımı , and he looked at me and looked at me and said , &quot; i &apos;m going to die .
this is a very , very yorgun reduction of you . &quot;
and so he said , &quot; well , that &apos;s why i &apos;m going to be a very bold , so you &apos;re going to be very bold , so you &apos;re going to be very bold . &quot;
i believe the ted community should be really courageous .
we need to find ways to deal with these challenges , the ways we can solve problems .
because it depends on everybody &apos;s well-being .
i learned some very simple things doing my work .
he taught me some very simple things .
i realized that each of us was more likely to do what we did .
i think of everybody on the planet .
i think one is not just a liar , but it &apos;s not just a liar .
i think one is not just a burglar , but it &apos;s not just a burglar .
i think it &apos;s just one killer , just one killer .
so , that &apos;s why we &apos;re not being governed by the laws of humanity .
i also think that this country and the world in many places are not the opposite wealth of poverty .
i don &apos;t believe that .
i think in many places , poverty is the opposite of the evil justice .
and i think the more beautiful , the inspiring , the exciting , the exciting , the teknolojimizle , the tasarımlarımızla , the zekamızla and the mantığımızla .
finally , you can see how a society &apos;s character can change the wealthy , the güçlülere and the ayrıcalıklılara , the poor , the dışlanmışlara , the hapsedilmişlere .
we understand that attitude through our own own .
sometimes i &apos;m konumdan . i &apos;ll end with this picture .
sometimes i &apos;m very proud of myself .
all of us , like we are .
sometimes these ideas are really going to be really important to themselves .
i represent children who have been convicted of heavy penalties .
i &apos;m going to see that i &apos;m going to see a yargılanmasına , like 13 14th years old .
and i think , how did that happen ?
how did a judge beat you out of something ?
judge decided that he was an adult , but i see this kid .
and i was thinking late night , my god , if a judge was going to take you to something that i would love to do .
so bryan judge has the magic powers .
i &apos;m not going to share these with you .
i started working on the right track , and i started working on a motion .
at age 14 , we had poor , black müvekkilim .
i started working on the motion , and the head of the önergemin : &quot; poor , 14 , black men , savunacağım , white , 75 , 75 . &quot;
i put it in the önergeme , savcılıkta , poliste , the judiciary .
this is a crazy line , and there &apos;s no uygunluk in this country , and it &apos;s always uygunsuzluk .
and i got the following morning , i thought , whether i &apos;d had this crazy proposition , or i really wrote it .
as a terrifying , it &apos;s not only that it &apos;s left , it &apos;s not going to be brought to court .
it &apos;s been a few months ago , and it &apos;s new .
i finally decided , and i would go to the court and i was going to go to this crazy savunmayı .
i got on my knees , i felt really overwhelmed .
i got on my bicycle and i went to my apartment .
i thought it would be very difficult and painful .
i went down and started walking in the court , and i started walking .
when the court bombed him , the proportion was black , and the proportion was black .
when he saw me , he came to me and asked me who i was .
i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to die . &quot; i said , &quot; yes , sir . &quot;
the guy was coming up to me and he was going to tell me .
kulağıma .
&quot; i &apos;m proud of you . &quot;
i tell you , that gave me energy .
this has created a connection with me in my capacity to contribute to identity and to every human society .
i went to the court .
and if you come in , the judge saw me .
and he said , &quot; mr. stevenson , is that crazy proposition ? &quot;
i said , &quot; yes , i wrote sir . &quot; we started arguing .
and the people in the room started getting there .
i wrote these crazy things .
and police officers , prosecutors , katipler and giriyorlardı .
if i don &apos;t know what it is , people who are concerned about the poverty , from poverty , from poverty , for the sake of poverty .
when i was in my eyes , i saw the temizlikçiyi coming back and forth .
he was looking at the window , and he was going to get all of this mess .
he continued to go back .
in the end , the black guy in this room has come in , and he sat in his face , and he sat down , almost the lawyers .
after 10 minutes , judge said he would give a pause .
the deputy director of police , temizlikçinin the court , entered the courtroom .
and he stood up and went to the black guy .
&quot; jimmy , the court at the courtroom ? &quot;
the black guy stood up and looked up and looked at his deputy , and he looked at me and said , &quot; i come to this young guy to stick to this young man . &quot;
and the reason i think to ted is that most of you believe that the universe is right to justice .
we don &apos;t really care about human rights , human rights and human rights .
we &apos;re going to believe that our survival depends on survival .
the technology , the design , the entertainment , the creativity of creativity , the creativity and justice of human beings .
so , i &apos;ve come to say that there &apos;s a lot of that feeling , and i &apos;ve come to say that i &apos;m going to leave your eyes and say that .
thank you very much .
and you &apos;ve seen this audience and this audience , obviously , to help you with what you want to help .
what can we do with a czech passport ?
there &apos;s a lot of possibilities .
if you live in california , this summer , this summer will be a referendum , and there will be a lot of the money we spend in the penalty policy .
for example , in the next five years in california , there &apos;s a billion dollars a year in death -- a billion dollars .
however , 45 per cent of the murder cases were killed .
56 per cent of the rape cases were killed .
we have a chance to change it .
the referendum suggests that the money is conducive to legal sanctions and security .
i think we all have possibilities around them .
there &apos;s a huge decline in america in the last three decades .
and part of this is the rising rate of increase .
what would you say to someone who said that ?
in fact , the wild crime was relatively flat .
the increase in mass graves in the public sector was actually not in this wild criminal category .
it was the amaçsız war against drugs .
this is the visible visible rise of our minds .
we have not forgotten ourselves .
we have three çentik , which is the main victims of these resources , and they &apos;re not going to be able to go to jail , and they &apos;re not going to go back to jail forever .
i think we need to do more to help the victims , not less .
the current justice system does nothing for anyone .
and i think that &apos;s the tendency to change .
there &apos;s a huge interest here .
i &apos;m an inspiring artist .
thank you very much for coming to ted . thank you .
: : threats , bin laden &apos;s death , increased .
second spiker : famine in somalia .
third spiker : police are pepper gas . fourth spiker : . .
fifth spiker : gezi trip . sixth grade : social çürüme .
seventh grade : 65 dead dead : the eighth spiker : the ninth birthday : siber-saldırılar : siber-saldırılar
a few spiker : drug war . mass destruction . hurricane .
decline . delay . wait . egypt .
syria . crisis . death . death .
disaster . oh my god .
peter diamantis : these are just some of the last six months -- just some of them -- it could be easy for the last six days or six years .
i mean , the news is that broadcasters prefer to give us negative news , because they &apos;re çekiliyor .
and there &apos;s a good reason for this .
every day , every single time you get to us , it brings us much more data than our brains are .
and because it &apos;s more important for us to survive , it &apos;s the first stop of all that data , called the temporal lobe , which is called the temporal lobe .
now , our genes are our early warning , and we &apos;re in danger .
it covers all the data , and they &apos;re looking for anything that can harm us in the environment .
so we &apos;re going to look at a dozen of them , especially with negative ones .
and that former journalism , &quot; , manşettir , &quot; is very true .
so , if we think about seven days of the week , 24 hours of the day , we &apos;re not going to think about the negative news that we &apos;re going to think of as negative news .
it &apos;s not surprising to think that people are going to get worse .
but , perhaps , that &apos;s not the case .
maybe , you know , it &apos;s really what happened to us .
perhaps , in the last century , thanks to a series of effects , the enormous development that we &apos;ve made in the last century is that the potential to create a world of abundance in the next 30 years is a world of abundance .
i &apos;m not saying there &apos;s a lot of problems now -- climate crisis , yokoluşu , water and energy shortages -- of course .
and as humans , we &apos;re much better at solving problems , but ultimately we &apos;re going to get them .
so let &apos;s see what &apos;s going on in the last century to see where we &apos;re going .
in the last century , the average lifespan of people increased more than doubled , and in the world , the average income per capita was tripled .
child mortality dropped from one to 10 .
add it to one of the food , electricity , transportation costs , 10 to 1,000 to 1,000 .
steve pinker showed us that we were living in the most peaceful period of human history .
and charles kenny has taken over the last 130 years from 25 percent of global warming .
we really live in an extraordinary moment .
most people forget this .
and we &apos;re not going to talk about beklentilerimizi .
in fact , we can redefine what poverty means .
imagine , today , most of the people below the poverty line in america are still elektiriği , the water , the water , the buzdolapları , the mobile phones , the klimaları and cars .
the richest in the last century , the zengin , couldn &apos;t even imagine that that kind of thing could not happen .
it is the technology underlying most of this , and it has been growing in the past recently .
well , my good friend ray kurzweil pointed out that any tool technology in the information technology goes into this eğriye , moore &apos;s law , and in every 12 to 24 months , it &apos;s doubling .
so this is why the cep mobile phone is literally a million times cheaper , and it &apos;s a thousand times faster .
now look at this pattern .
this is the moore &apos;s law .
i want you to remember two things .
first , how smooth it is -- well , in good time and bad times , in the war , and in the time , in the war , and on the rise .
it &apos;s the result of being used faster computers to make computers faster .
we &apos;re not going to be surprised for any of our big grandparents .
and also , even though the law is written on the left , it is up to the right line .
the speed of technology is accelerating by itself .
and this is the eğride , moore &apos;s law , there &apos;s a lot of extraordinary technologies that are open to all of us .
the cloud is that it &apos;s the infinite it of my friends in autodesk ; the sensor and the networks ; the 3d printing , the gezegen , the edilme and the yetisi , the yetisi , the ilaçlar and the yetisi , the dijital , the drugs and the artificial intelligence .
so how many of you have seen that ibm won &apos;t get yi ?
i mean , it &apos;s destansıydı .
in fact , i &apos;ve been looking at the best newspaper in my lab , looking for the best newspaper .
and i love this : &quot; watson is superior to the human being . &quot;
it &apos;s not a simple game .
it &apos;s about human language .
and please imagine that every single person with a mobile phone is an artificial zekalar .
four years ago at ted , ray kurzweil and i started a new university , singularity university .
and we &apos;re teaching our students how all these technologies and all these technologies are going to work in order to solve the vast majority of humanity .
and every year we want them to be a company or a product or a product that will positively affect the lives of ten billion people a year .
think of it , literally , a group of students , today , the fact that a billion people are living in life .
30 years ago it would be ridiculous .
a dozen companies that have done exactly this today .
when i think about creating abundance , it &apos;s not a luxury for everyone on the planet ; it &apos;s a living life .
you don &apos;t get a rare thing and you can &apos;t read it .
look , i &apos;m going to die , and i &apos;m a technologist with technology resources .
let me give you an example .
so this is a story in the 1800s about three .
that &apos;s the type on the left .
i &apos;m going to eat the king of siyam .
napolyon &apos;s entire soldiers beat silver and bıçaklarla , napolyon un .
but the king of siyam , they don &apos;t drink them .
you see , the most valuable in the planet is more valuable than the golden and platinden .
this is the reason why the washington monument is made of aluminyumdan .
so , you know , the earth is 8.3 percent of the world &apos;s kütlesel , but it does pure metal .
it &apos;s always dependent on oxygen and oxygen .
but then we have the technology that we have , and it &apos;s so much ucuzlattı that we can actually use it , we use it .
so we &apos;re going to move this metaphor forward .
we think of energy shortages .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet with 5,000 times as much energy as a year .
every 88 minute , a 16 teravat energy is hit the surface of the earth .
the issue is not rare , but the issue is not the case .
and there &apos;s good news here .
for the first time , this year , in india , the cost of the cost of electricity produced by the sun is 50 percent of the cost of the electricity that &apos;s produced by the sun .
the cost of the sun fell 50 percent last year .
last month , mit published a study that shows that the united states , by the end of the decade , would have six cents per cent of the sun on average , instead of the sun .
and if you have a lot of fun , you have a lot of suyumuz .
now we &apos;re talking about water wars .
do you remember that in the 1990s , carl sagan would go back to the earth , if you were to go back to the earth , and you would remember ?
a famous photograph . what was called ?
&quot; soluk blue dot . &quot;
because we &apos;re living on a planet of water .
70 percent live on a planet with water .
yes , we &apos;re fighting 97.5 percent of the water , two percent of the ice , and we fight for the water on the planet , but there &apos;s hope here .
and there &apos;s the technology that &apos;s going to open , 20 , 20 years after , not right now .
there &apos;s a nanotechnology that &apos;s coming . it &apos;s nanomateryaller .
in this talk with dean kamen this morning , i &apos;d like to share with you the biggest kendin-yap , and i &apos;d like to share with you -- it &apos;s called me -- you know , the name of the technology that most of you might have heard of -- you know , the name of your technology .
at any price of a price -- the tuzlu water , salt water , toilet -- coke &apos;s board chairman , the president of the board of yönetim , has approved a test , developing world in the developing world .
and if you don &apos;t work , i have all kinds of interests , which is coca-cola , and coca-cola is going to start using it globally .
so this is this kind of innovation that we have today , this kind of innovation that we have today .
and we saw this in our cell phone .
my goodness , in the end of 2013 , we &apos;ll get 70 percent mobile phones in the developing world .
imagine , in the middle of kenya , we have a masai of our mobile phone , 25 years ago than president reagan .
so , if you &apos;re going to google with a smart phone , you have a lot more information and access to president clinton than he has 15 years ago .
they live in a world where no one can predict enough information and communication .
well , even better , you and me and they &apos;re going to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars and buy hundreds of dollars -- gps , hd video and durağan images , libraries of video and music , medicine and music , medical diagnostics .
maybe the best part is health .
last month , i was in the zevkini foundation , and i &apos;ve experienced something called the zevkini x prize .
and in the world , in fact , all of these technologies , all these technologies , because artificial intelligence , because it &apos;s artificial intelligence , and it &apos;s going to be able to take you into a more successful cihazda of blood , and to win , you need a more successful diagnosis of a team of doctors who can make you more successful .
so , literally , imagine the world where there &apos;s no use of the physician , 25 percent of the patients and the health workers in the developing world .
this device is looking for the center of a rna or a dna origami that doesn &apos;t not do it , and it &apos;s looking for the center for control and prevention , and the salgını epidemic is blocking it .
but it &apos;s the biggest impact that we &apos;re going to be able to do here , because of abundance .
i call it the rising billion .
here are the white lines .
we &apos;ve gone seven billion seven lines in the world .
by the way , the best protection of the population is to train the world and make it healthy .
in 2010 , there were less than two billion people connected to bağlantılı .
by 2020 , internet users will increase to five billion euros .
the three billion new minds are participating in the news conference .
what are these people going to want ?
what are you doing ? what are you doing ?
and we &apos;re going to live in the largest economic downturn where we &apos;re going to have economic collapse .
these people represent tens of billions of dollars to join the economy .
and by using ı , we &apos;re going to be healthier , and it &apos;s going to be better , and it &apos;s going to be more productive than the khan akademisini , and it can become more productive than ever , in 3d yazıcılar and infinite bilişimi .
so what can humanity bring us up , healthy , educated , productive three billion members ?
what about a group of times you &apos;ve heard before ?
what if , for the first time , the first time they &apos;re going to be , for the first time , for the first time ?
what are these three billion people ?
what about the katkılara that we don &apos;t even think about ?
there &apos;s something that i &apos;ve learned from the x ödülünde , which is the extraordinary thing that &apos;s been moving through , and that the small groups that have been moving through the past are what they can do in the past , and what governments can do in the past .
let me share a story that really excites me and let me share with it .
there &apos;s a program some of you may have heard of .
it &apos;s a game called foldit .
it came from the university of seattle in seattle .
and this is a game where individuals actually can actually actually take a amino acid sequence and figure out how protein can actually grow .
and it determines the structure , the structure and the structure .
and it &apos;s very important for research in medicine .
and so far , we &apos;ve got a süperbilgisayar .
and this game was played played by university professors and people .
and there are literally hundreds of thousands of people who start playing this game .
and it showed that , in fact , it &apos;s the best computer that people can use in order to use the order of the order .
and these individuals would go and look at the world &apos;s best protein kıvırıcısı , not a mit professor , but not a graduate student , it wasn &apos;t a restaurant at manchester , and the world &apos;s best protein was a woman , and at night , the best protein in the world .
ladies and gentlemen , it &apos;s the fact that we have a lot of trust in the future to deal with the great challenges of the world .
we have this üssel technology .
we have tutkusuna yenilikçisinin .
we have tekno-hayırseverin kapitaline .
and we have three billion new minds that are going to work us with three billion new minds to do the big challenge .
we live in the right direction of the future .
thank you .
i think we need to do something about the change of medical culture .
and i think it &apos;s got to start with this , and that &apos;s me .
and when i do that , maybe i can do it for a long time in the part of my life that i &apos;ve been working with for a long time .
before i start talking about my talk , let &apos;s start with a piece of beyzbolla .
why not ?
we &apos;re approaching almost sonundayız of the season .
we all love it , isn &apos;t it ?
we have a number of remarkable statistics .
and there are hundreds of these .
it &apos;s about building a book called &quot; moneyball , &quot; and a very good baseball team .
i &apos;m going to focus on a statististik that many of you have heard about it .
it &apos;s called the ortalaması .
for example , we talk about 300 , the actor is 300 .
and what that means is that it &apos;s about three to three degrees celsius during the actor &apos;s knee .
so the most remote areas of the field are yakalanmadan by others , and the start of the start at the start of the start , and the player who hits the ball at the beginning of the day is going to get to the point .
three times three times .
do you know what to do with the american baseball league 300 ?
good , really good . even a star .
do you know what to do with someone 400 ?
by the way , that means four times to achieve the objective .
it is legendary , like the legendary american baseball league player ted williams , which hits more than 400 hits in the normal season season .
now , let &apos;s go back to a little bit of a little bit more comfortable when you think that i &apos;m going to talk to you a little bit more or more comfortable than i &apos;m going to do .
imagine that you &apos;re a surgeon , and a surgeon can take 400 targets on his forehead , a surgeon .
strangely , we don &apos;t have the chance to accept that , right ?
now , if you don &apos;t have the bird flu , you can imagine that there &apos;s a yerde , and there &apos;s a cardiologist that &apos;s going to be able to give you two koroner arterinde of your family , and the person you love for your family is a cardiologist .
but do you know what happens ?
he &apos;s doing much better this year . he can &apos;t hide himself .
and he &apos;s doing 257 vuruş .
strangely , it doesn &apos;t work .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
what do you think about a heart valve or a yüksek , or a ortopedistin , an emergency worker &apos;s success average ?
1,000 , beautiful .
now the real thing is that medicine doesn &apos;t know that all of the things that are needed are necessary for the successful success of a good person or a dahiliyecinin or an emergency .
what we &apos;re doing is we &apos;re going to be able to make it perfect for us to connect the outside world to the outside world .
never , never make a mistake , but the details of what it might be about .
and that was the message i got from medical medicine .
and i was a student at the retinal lobe .
in high school , a class friend once said that i was going to stick on the blood vessels of brian goldman .
and that &apos;s what i did .
i worked in a small room at the head of the nurse &apos;s house of the toronto toronto hospital .
and you can &apos;t do anything .
the anatomy is the başlangıç , and it &apos;s the beginning , and it &apos;s the beginning , and it &apos;s the beginning , and it &apos;s going to work with each other , every single vessel that comes out of the ortak and the dallarını .
i even learned how to fix the renal and the ayırıcı of the renal .
and with them , they can get more information .
and i was successful , i graduated from my perfect derecelerle .
when i finished my medical career , i had a izlenime that if i had anything to do with it , i would not be immune to making it a mistake .
and this is just a while , it &apos;s like , you know , it &apos;s like , you know , you &apos;ve got to beat the women .
here i was here at the university of toronto , where i was working at the hospital &apos;s emergency service at the hospital &apos;s emergency service .
it was a cardiology clinic that was at the time to do it .
and my job is to see the patient in an emergency clinic , to see the patient there .
and it was about to report that .
and i saw the lady drucker , and i didn &apos;t have the solunumu .
and when i met him , the sound was coming from her .
and when he stetoskopla her chest , he had a voice on both sides , which he thought was a heart failure .
in this case , because of the heart environment , the heart of heart environment , and you get a bit of blood back into your blood , and you &apos;re going to go back to the dolar , and that &apos;s why you have your breathing arm .
and it &apos;s not hard to put it in .
i put the plan on my forehead and i plan to treat it .
i gave him the aspirin . i gave him drugs to reduce my respiratory chest .
i gave you a laser shot called diüretik , called diüretik .
and after the birbuçuk or a two-hour time , he started feeling better .
and i felt really good .
and at that moment i made my first wish ; i sent him home .
in fact , i made two more mistakes .
i sent her home to the meeting of the meeting .
as it was expected , i would pick up phone and call it the patient , and i didn &apos;t know that the patient would be able to see the patient in their own .
and then he knew the patient , and so i could make it better .
i could have done this in a good way .
maybe i didn &apos;t want to be üstümden .
maybe it was the second mistake that i had done so well , as i did , and i was going to do the second mistake that i did not even give him information .
i didn &apos;t give it home , and my gut and the rest of me , i didn &apos;t care about the cılız sound , which i was trying to say , &quot; it &apos;s not a good idea . &quot;
and in fact , i have to have a sense of insecurity , and i need to ask the nurse to ask the nurse to ask him , &quot; do you think you don &apos;t have a problem with your husband ? &quot;
and the nurse thought , &quot; yes , i think i don &apos;t understand the situation . &quot;
i remember that i was more like this .
so he came up with his release , and he came to an ambulance , and she came to the emergency staff to take her home .
and i went back to my job .
in the rest of the day , in that afternoon , i had a feeling of an emotion .
but i continued my work .
and at the end of the day , i walked to the hospital to leave the hospital , and i walked home to go home , and i was like , &quot; i &apos;m going to die . &quot;
i went through the emergency service for him .
and there was no other nurse behind her , but she had another nurse , and he told me , &quot; i &apos;m just three words , and i don &apos;t know that i &apos;m going to be pressing the emergency .
now , what happens in other parts of medicine is , but we still have a different feature for emergency medicine , because we can see the patients .
that three words were : did you get it ?
&quot; did you remember the patient sitting home ? &quot;
and he asked me to the direct truth .
he said , &quot; he came back . &quot;
he came back .
he came back to the deadly situation .
after i took her back home , about an hour later , about an hour after she got home , her family and her family turned out 911 , and the ambulance was able to call him back to the emergency room , which meant that it was seriously shocked .
and rarely breathe , and it was color .
and the emergency staff did everything they could .
they gave him drugs to raise blood pressure .
you can &apos;t read it .
and this time i was şoktaydım and i was heyecandan .
and i was able to go into &apos; , because i was sent to intensive care , and i was asked to have a lot of care , and even though i was hoping to do everything .
and after the two or three days , it turned out that he never recovered again .
the brain damage is the damage to the brain .
and his family gathered .
and in the course of eight or nine days , they &apos;re going to be çaresizdiler .
and after nine days , i decided that the transaction would be sonlandırılmasına , and the female woman , spouse , mother and anneanne .
they say they &apos;ll never forget the names of the dead .
and this is the first thing i &apos;ve ever met .
in a few weeks , i felt isolated and isolated when i was faced with a sense of shame that i was able to face myself in my culture and our culture and our culture in our culture , and i felt not isolated , because i was not a normal person .
you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you &apos;ve got a secret that you &apos;re talking about when you &apos;re talking about the best you &apos;re talking about , and the best you &apos;re talking about , and you &apos;re going to see the best you &apos;re going to have , and you &apos;re going to hear that that error , but you don &apos;t get sick .
and what you &apos;re doing is you never repeat that error again .
this kind of embarrassment of shame is kind of a öğretmendir .
so what i &apos;m talking about here is the sağlıksız shame that you get sick .
this is something that you &apos;re going to tell you that it &apos;s not what you &apos;re doing .
and that was what i felt .
and that wasn &apos;t just me , instead of my kıdemlimi puppet .
she talked to the family and i &apos;m sure that he has solved the problem , and he blocks my case .
and i kept asking myself these questions .
why don &apos;t you care about it ? why did i send it home ?
and then i know even worse : why did i do this sort of thing ?
why did i choose medicine ?
it &apos;s been useful , slowly .
i started feeling a piece of myself .
and the weather was a gürültüsü one day , and the sun started looking up and i wondered , i felt so well .
and i interviewed myself with myself , and if i had two dimensions to make myself perfect , and again , i would never get a different mistake .
and they stopped .
and i went back to my work .
and then it happened .
two years ago i saw an emergency emergency at an emergency emergency hospital in the north of toronto , and i saw a 25-year-old man who had the landing pain .
there was density , and i was a bit acele .
i showed it up .
i looked at it , and i was a little pembeydi .
and i gave him a prescription for her , and i sent him .
and he pointed out that she was still in the door , and she was still alive .
and two days later , i came to the next emergency emergency , and he said he wanted to talk to me in a slow voice .
and he said three words : how do you get it ?
do you remember the passage of the boğazı that you &apos;ve seen ?
and as a result , it &apos;s not as if it &apos;s not .
in contrast , there was a situation called the epiglottitis risk .
you can look at google , but it &apos;s not infeksiyon , but it &apos;s going to lead to the upper respiratory path and the kapanmasına path .
and he didn &apos;t have that shot .
it started with antibiotics , and in a couple of days it was finished .
and i went back to the same kind of shame and suçlama , and i went back to my work back and over again .
i jumped two times in the same emergency period .
this is somehow happening in a hospital where you can see 14 patients in a hospital overnight .
i don &apos;t think they &apos;re going to get both of them to their homes and have no risk .
i thought of a kidney in one of them .
i wanted the kidney x-ray . the result was that my friend , karnın , who değerlendiren the patient , got a sense of sensitivity , and the surgeons called .
and the öbüründe had a lot of diyare .
i proposed some of my sıvılar , and i told my friends , and i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to explain it .
and he did it , and again , when the gerginlik right , the tension was a test of surgeons .
in both cases , they did their operations and patients were removed .
but i was always honored , like i was laughing .
and i would like to tell you that , in the first five years of my life , i &apos;d like to say that i was in the first five years of time , as i was saying .
some of them are in the last five years .
it &apos;s lonely and desteksiz .
the problem is : if i &apos;m not going to make myself clean , and i &apos;m going to tell you about my voice , how do you tell me that if you really care about me ?
how do i teach them to teach them because they do what others do ?
and if you don &apos;t know what you &apos;re thinking about now , you don &apos;t know what you think about me .
when was one of the most recent times on a mistake ?
yes , he goes to the party of cocktail and he &apos;s talking about another doctor &apos;s talk , but i can &apos;t tell you one of his own mistakes .
and if i go into a room that &apos;s full of meslektaşlarımla , and then i &apos;m going to tell you a little bit about the support of them , they &apos;re probably not going to be able to make sure that they &apos;re going to be hikayelerimden , and they &apos;re going to be konuşurduk , and they &apos;re going to focus on it .
and in fact , if i was and my friends , i could tell you that one of the things that i had had to do with the wrong leg of one of the things that i had had to do was to make a difference in that person .
so we have this system .
it &apos;s a system based on errors .
if there are two types of positions in this system , the failure to make mistakes and error , sleep sleep , and those who do not have a lot of good results , and they have a very successful outcome .
and this is almost like an ideological reaction , and it &apos;s kind of like the saldırması of that person .
and i think that if you don &apos;t get a mistake , if you don &apos;t get a mistake , you can stay safely , and it stays safely .
but there are two problems about this .
i did a personal study to learn about medical broadcasting and magazines in 20 or 20 years , and i did a personal study to learn everything about my medical career , &quot; white önlük , black art , black art . &quot;
and what i &apos;ve learned is that mistakes are always and everything .
we &apos;re in a system where we are there every day , and every day there is one of the 10 drugs that have been granted , or the dozu , or the dozu , the hastane of the hospital , and the deaths of the hospital are increasing .
in this country , there are many kanadalılar medical errors that can be avoided by önlenebilir .
in the united states , the institute of medicine is 100,000 pounds .
in both cases , the big big depression is because we don &apos;t do what we &apos;re doing in the face of the problem .
and here &apos;s an example .
in the medical information every two or three years , the hospital system is definitely going up in the hospital system .
you can &apos;t get rid of it .
we have our own kognitif , which is a great story about a hastayla with a chest pain .
now , take the breast pain the same patient , make it düşük and çenesi , and it &apos;s a little bit of alcohol , and it &apos;s a little bit of a hikaye form .
i get the same story .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i always do everything in the same way .
and it &apos;s not a car ; it &apos;s not always the same way of being the symptoms .
if you take all this into account , errors are unavoidable .
take a system like me , and it &apos;s likely to make a mistake , and then put it out of the health care workers , and no one goes back .
and you know , you know , this industry is about people who don &apos;t want to talk about the bad cases .
i &apos;m going to say , &quot; white önlük , black art , &quot; i &apos;m going to say , &quot; here &apos;s my worst mistake . &quot; i can tell everybody to say , &quot; here &apos;s my worst mistake , &quot; and i can &apos;t tell them , &quot; here &apos;s my worst yanlışım , &quot; and i don &apos;t know the microphone .
and they can grow up , they can grow , they &apos;re looking down , they &apos;re looking down and they &apos;re going to tell their stories .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share .
they want to say , &quot; look , i &apos;m making the mistake that i do . &quot;
they need a kind of environment that they need to do .
they need a kültürü medical culture understanding understanding .
and that starts with one doctor every time .
you know that a tanımlanmış doctor knows that human beings are human , and if you &apos;re not proud of making it , you &apos;re not going to be proud of making mistakes , but you &apos;re going to learn from somebody else .
they share their experiences with others .
when others get to their mistakes , they don &apos;t know .
and it &apos;s not that people are going to get a wave of fun , but they &apos;re full of love , they &apos;re değinir , they &apos;re all yararlansın .
and as a human culture that works in the culture of medicine , they admit that there are human beings , and when people do , they will make mistakes when they do the system .
and when the content of the system develops , it makes it easier for people to change the kinds of errors that people are doing , and the way that people like the health care system make a sense of love , and that &apos;s what they &apos;re doing , and they &apos;re doing it , and i &apos;m going to use it to make sure that they &apos;re doing it .
my name is brian goldman .
i &apos;m a tanımlanmış doctor .
i &apos;m a person . i make mistakes .
so sorry , but i &apos;m sorry to learn to learn something about others .
i don &apos;t know what you &apos;re thinking about , but i don &apos;t know if you can .
and let me give myself three words : i really remember .
this is a little idea that i &apos;m going to talk about today .
it &apos;s about changing levels .
so , i &apos;m going to tell you three stories before i &apos;m going to spend this idea in a minute , so i &apos;ll tell you the time .
and the first story is charles darwin , one of my favorites .
you know , i was born in yılında .
you might think i̇spinoz kovaladığını , but you can &apos;t .
it &apos;s actually fish fish .
and a species described it as &quot; widespread . &quot;
this is sailfin orfozuydi .
it was very common to capture the fish .
now these fish are the listesinde species of species .
now we &apos;ve heard a lot of this story , and there &apos;s no particular feature of the galapagos islands and elsewhere .
but we &apos;re still going to galapagos .
we think it &apos;s buried .
and it &apos;s made of pure pure and clean gösteriliyor .
so what &apos;s going on ?
the second story is , also , a different concept , changing the changing dimensions .
in 1971 , i was doing çalışması work in western africa .
i was there because i wanted to work in europe and then work in africa .
i thought , &quot; adapt to harmony . &quot;
i was in a bad way in the sun , and i was actually convinced that i could go out there .
this is my first solar yanığımdı .
this is a gölcük , palm palm and a little bit of mangrovlarla .
there were about 20 inches of the size of the fish , the türünden of the tilapia .
for this kind of tilapialar , the fishing fishing and a good time were passed , and ghana won more than the average of its average .
when i went there 27 years later , the fish were halfway down .
they &apos;re as big as five .
it &apos;s genetically engineered .
fish farms were still there .
i &apos;m still happy .
and the fish are also not there .
there was nothing changing , but everything changed .
and my third story is that i &apos;m a criminal partner in south asia , and i &apos;m a criminal partner .
in the 1970s , the early 1960s did a lot of european development projects .
it meant that the gelişmeler of the countries that had 100,000 people had been able to build industrial fishing .
this is a pretty ugly boat called mutiara .
we &apos;ve been in the sea , and in southern china , we &apos;ve done research in southern china , especially in the south of the sea .
i &apos;m going to describe words in words .
now i understand what i &apos;m going to do , we &apos;ve caught the bottom of the sea .
90 percent of the yakaladıklarımızın are the other ones that are being put under the sponge and the sea .
well , in fact , most of the fish were enkazda , and there were corals between them .
the sea of the sea , and then it went back to the sea .
these pictures are extraordinary because it &apos;s very fast .
so in a year , you &apos;re doing research , and it starts commercial fishing .
the six tough dip of the sea , or soft mercanlardan , turned into mud .
this is a dead turtle .
you can &apos;t go back to the sea for öldükleri .
we caught it once .
we haven &apos;t yet completed .
they wanted to kill for food .
fishermen are more likely to go in places where they &apos;re not fishing , but they &apos;re not .
we change our world and we forget it .
we &apos;re bringing the ocean base into a new level , and it turns out to be old .
if we do , it &apos;s something like this .
let &apos;s assume that there are good things on the y-axis : biyoçeşitlilik , killer whale numbers , water resources , water resources .
it &apos;s changing over time -- the cause of change , or the natural circumstances .
it takes the standard of images that you see at the beginning of every generation of life , and it eder .
the difference between the right and the right is missing .
but before that , it &apos;s not going to be missing .
it can be changes in the back back .
and then you look at it , it &apos;s actually the poor , and it &apos;s actually the poor .
that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing now .
it has already been done , or not , as they &apos;ve already been .
they might be imagined that they affected the history of prehistoric people , and they were killing animals and they were unaware of what they did .
because , naturally , it &apos;s going to go extinct before a very large animal gets extinct .
so the animals that are very , very large .
you lose the numbers of animals .
that &apos;s why they &apos;re called a big loss .
over time , the big animals , and the meaning of this , is the big fish .
the numbers go down , because they can &apos;t get them .
we have a couple of days of fish , we call it the base level .
the question is , why don &apos;t people do that ?
because we don &apos;t know that this is different .
well , in fact , many people say that it &apos;s actually very different .
they say that because the previous evidence is that they don &apos;t like them as they want .
so , for example , the captain bilmemkim said , &quot; well , you know , you &apos;re not going to say that there &apos;s a lot of fish , &quot; because it &apos;s not , &quot; scientific . &quot;
so , we don &apos;t know the way we have it , but we don &apos;t know the past because we don &apos;t know the resources of the past .
so , protection zones play a crucial role .
because we &apos;re rebuilding the history of conservation .
and because the bottom level changes and it &apos;s too far down , we &apos;re rebuilding the past .
this is the base level for people who can see their protected areas and access information that they provide .
what about people who don &apos;t have access to them -- for example ?
for them , i think art , movies and simülasyonlar are the bridge .
this is a simulation of the gulf of chesapeake .
in the old days , 500 years ago , there were gray whales in the gulf of chesapeake .
you notice that color is similar to avatar avatar .
if you think about avatar , why don &apos;t people get very excited about it -- don &apos;t worry about the story -- why are they so impressed ?
because they did the things that went missing .
so , my suggestion is , it will be the only suggestion that james cameron is going to take two of the underwater water .
thank you very much .
if you have a daktilonuz in the communist east in the 1980s , you can bring it to the government .
you can read the example of a text written written by the daktiloda .
and it was something that this government was doing to find the source source .
i &apos;m going to take a piece of paper that &apos;s wrong with a false thought , and you can &apos;t watch that thought .
and we don &apos;t understand how the west can do it in the west .
i never thought about it .
but today , in 2011 , if you &apos;re using any kind of lazer laser printer , you &apos;re going to have the yellow laser , which is the yellow laser printer , which is a particular kind of shape that shows you that this page belongs to you and the yazıcınıza .
that &apos;s what &apos;s happening to us today .
and nobody seems to be able to do that .
and this is an example of the technology that shows us the ability to use technology against citizens .
and this today is one of the three main sources of online problems .
if we look at what &apos;s really happening in the online world , we &apos;re going to get the attacks on the ground .
there are three main groups .
there are online criminals .
like , ukraine , kiev was in the town of bay .
and it &apos;s not very hard to understand the reasons why online criminals take crime .
these guys are making money .
so , too much , they use online attacks to earn a lot of money .
in fact , there &apos;s a lot of cases that make money from online attacks , and there &apos;s a lot of lawsuits .
this is vladimir tsastsin from estonia .
this is alfred gonzalez .
this is stephen watt .
this is bjorn sundin .
this is matthew anderson , tariq al-daour and ediyor .
these guys get online , but they do it in the illegal ways , but they &apos;re using things like the banking virus to steal money from the bank , and we &apos;re using the credit card to get a loan card , or we &apos;re going to be able to get access to an online shopping card .
the u.s. secret service two months ago , two months ago , mr. sam jain was swiss bank account , and i had a million dollars in this bank budget .
mr. jain is a poachers ; nobody knows where it is .
and i bet that even today , any of us are likely to be a crime victim in the online environment .
and clearly the situation gets worse .
in the future , most of the crimes are online .
it &apos;s not money that leads to crime every day , the second big group that we &apos;ve ever seen .
their reason is something else -- the causes protest , the reasons for the reasons .
groups like anonymous have been in the past 12 months , and they have taken an important place between online attacks and online attacks .
so these are the three main pairs of subjects , hackers who have been doing the internet for anonymous protests , but the last group of nations , governments , governments .
and we &apos;re looking at trials like gerçekleşene in &apos; .
this is the best example of what the government is doing with its own citizens .
a banner in the netherlands -- more specifically , it was .
they went bankrupt last fall because they were attacked .
we can go into systems and be completely viral .
and at a meeting last week , i asked representatives of the dutch government , and i asked the leaders of the team , and i asked him , &quot; i asked people to find a credible finding that they could find an attack on one of their leaders .
and they answered the answer .
so how do people die like this ?
diginotar is a certificate .
they sell the certificate .
what do you do ?
if you have a websiteniz that has access to safe nutrition , you need a sertifikaya şifreli , which you need .
now , we &apos;re all , or we &apos;re using one of the big kısmımız , the gmail or the competitors , but they know that they &apos;re in a totalitarian country , where they &apos;re used in a totalitarian country like iran , and they &apos;re not going to be able to use their nose on the local government , so that the local government is going to focus on the nose .
but if you &apos;re a stranger , you &apos;re going to get a stranger .
they can &apos;t be fake , they can do it .
and that &apos;s what happened in the diginotar case .
what about the arab spring and the events , for example in egypt ?
in egypt , in april 2011 , the rebels found the headquarters of the egyptian secret police and found a lot of paper on the building .
there was a file called &quot; finfisher . &quot;
and in this case , there was a şirketin company in germany , and they were sold to the egyptian government for the prevention -- and a large extent -- and a large extent -- the citizens of the country .
the instrument will be satmışlardı from the egyptian government to the euro .
the company &apos;s headquarters are right here .
so western governments are providing these tools to the totalitarian states for their own citizens .
but western governments do it as well .
for example , in germany , a couple of weeks ago , the so-called scuinst horse called the virus , and the german government officials were using it to study their own citizens .
if you &apos;re in a public case , we know that your phone is going to die .
but today , the situation has gone beyond this .
they will follow the internet .
it &apos;s going to be used to use tools called scuinst trojan , which will allow them to take care of their entire senses , listen to online sohbetlerinizi , listen to the internet .
now , when we think about things like this , we have to take the obvious answer to people : &quot; okay , it sounds bad , but it doesn &apos;t really affect me because i &apos;m a vatandaşım .
why don &apos;t you care ?
because we don &apos;t have the birşeyim . &quot;
and that was pointless .
we &apos;re talking about mahremiyetten .
privacy is not open to controversy .
it &apos;s not a question of privacy versus privacy .
this is the question of freedom of freedom .
and at the moment , the confidence that we have in 2011 will be able to live forever , forever .
and if we do a government with a future government , we don &apos;t care about what we &apos;re going to have 50 years from now , are we closed ?
so here &apos;s the next 50 years for these questions .
it might be interesting to you , but i love the concrete constraints .
the first concrete blocks were held in &apos; , where the idea was simple : they were made of a fixed ölçüyle .
concrete blocks have been the most used building material in the world .
the buildings allowed us to do great things with ourselves like bridges .
concrete blocks basically become the structure of our time .
almost a hundred years later in 1947 , lego came to this .
they said , &quot; we &apos;re going to connect to this automatically . &quot;
and at the end of the year , the lego tuğlaları found themselves in every house .
it &apos;s about 400 billion bricks so far -- 75 bricks per person in the world .
you don &apos;t have to be an engineer to be beautiful houses , bridges , buildings .
lego made it accessible .
the lego core , the concrete block of the world , has made it a symbol of the structure of the world .
this is the next revolution in bell labaratuvarları at bell labaratuvarları , and the next building is the next building .
the transistor , a small plastic unit , is able to take us into a static space that is placed on one another , and that everything is interactive .
you can &apos;t allow a transistor like the concrete block , you can allow you to do a lot of very complex circuits .
the fundamental difference was : transistor is just for experts .
i &apos;m not just going to think of the structure of our time as the experts , so i decided to change it .
when i was at the media lab eight years ago , i started thinking about the way to give artists and designers the power of engineers .
i started developing littlebits a few years ago .
let me show you how they work .
each of you is an electronic engineer with your own own .
so it turns out that light has the functions of the light , the sound , the engine and the sensor .
the most amazing features are just like they can &apos;t share each other .
so it was wrong .
these blocks are kodlandı into color .
green means , blue power , pink , orange , orange .
so you &apos;re going to be able to put all you have to do , and you can easily make a bigger circuit .
you can put it green and you can make light .
they put them in a button and put it on the light .
you can change a blow to the düğmeyi and save light and save light .
you can go a little further and put this bell , adding a noise machine .
i &apos;m going to stop here .
and with this simple game , it &apos;s really powerful .
it allows you to connect with your relationships , to connect with your partners , to your simple movements , rather than your relationships .
so this is just a düğmeyi , and it &apos;s just a düğmeyi , so it &apos;s faster or slower , so it &apos;s slower or slower .
the idea behind littlebits is a growing library .
we want to make every contact in the world ready to use it .
işıklar , sounds , solar panels , motors , everything must be accessible .
we &apos;re watching kids to play and play with them .
this is a great experience .
they &apos;re beginning to understand what they &apos;re most passionate about , and that doesn &apos;t happen in school .
for example , they understand how they work in a night , or how the door is open , or how the ipod responds to the touch of the ipod .
we bring i into design schools .
for example , the designers that have nothing to do with elektroniklerle are starting to play a material like littlebits .
here , we see the keçeden and the paper that we see .
we took i a couple of weeks ago , and we gave some designers who didn &apos;t have engineering experience -- we said , &quot; do something , do things . &quot;
and here you see a project that they &apos;re doing , a konfeti ball .
this is my favorite project .
it &apos;s a istakoz that fear the games of the game .
for those of you who don &apos;t have that engineer , it &apos;s just a different material .
we want everyone to know this material .
so it &apos;s open source .
you can go to the web page and change your design files yourself .
we want to encourage the creators , the creators , the benefit , because the world we live on is this interactive world .
so let &apos;s start with it .
thank you .
