do you know how many choices you choose in a normal day ?
how many choices do you choose in a normal week ?
i &apos;ve done a research with more than 2,000 americans over the last time , and the average number of elections is normal in a normal day .
there &apos;s another study that &apos;s done recently with ceos , and they &apos;ve tracked around the ceo around the ceo for a week .
and that scientists simply recorded the time that they spent all the tasks and tasks they were doing when they decided to work with the ceos .
the average ceo found that there were about 1,000 jobs in the operating of a week .
each task of course was a lot of the lower ones .
about 50 per cent of their decisions were taken in nine minutes or less .
only 12 per cent of the decisions were taken within an hour or more .
think about your own choices .
how many of the elections are in the 9th category , or in a one-hour category ?
what do you think you &apos;re doing when you do these elections ?
today , i want to talk about one of the biggest problems in modern life , the problem of having a lot of choices .
i want to talk about this problem and possible solutions .
when i talk about the problem , i &apos;m going to ask you , and i want to know your questions .
so when i ask a question , i &apos;m not going to be able to get your hand , just because i &apos;m blind .
or , if i ask a question , i &apos;m going to ask you to ask the answer .
my first question is , are you ready to talk about the problem of having a lot of choices ?
thank you .
i went to a very distinguished supermarket at stanford university , at least a very high-end place at the time .
it &apos;s a store called dereck &apos;s .
it was like going to the store to go to the store .
250 different kinds of mustard and sirkeleri , more than 500 varieties of fruit and vegetables , have more than 500 varieties of beer and we were at the time .
i loved to go to the store , and i once asked myself , how do i get nothing ?
this is olive oil .
there were 75 varieties of olive oil in more than 75 varieties , including those who were sold in a bir box .
i decided to visit the manager one day , and i asked him , &quot; do you really work to offer people so many options ? &quot;
he pointed to a tourist trip every day with buses .
we decided to do a small experiment , we chose the food for this .
this is the reçel .
they had 3d kinds of pies .
for my taste , we built a little band close to the entrance of the store .
we put it here in 40 or 24 different varieties , and we &apos;ve observed two things , one , the first one , which is , where do people get more ?
the more people have stopped , and about 60 percent of the people have stopped , and about 40 percent of those who are coming in .
and the other thing we &apos;ve seen is , what kind of durumlarda are you buying more ?
so we see exactly the opposite effect .
only 3 percent of the 24 brands have purchased juice .
&quot; 30 percent of the fruits have a salad , &quot; he said .
if you do the calculation -- it &apos;s about five times more reçel when it comes to ethanol -- more than 40 .
it &apos;s probably a good choice to choose to pick fruit , at least to be a good choice , but it turns out that we have a lot of choices that have significant consequences .
we choose to do elections , even if we do .
now we &apos;re going to go today : financial our financial experience .
i &apos;m going to talk about a study done with emir lessig , emir kamenica and wei wei , all about a million americans in the united states , and we looked at the pension program , which is about a million americans in the united states .
in a pension program , in the plan , we looked at the number of people who were being offered more or less or less or less for retirement .
what we found is that there &apos;s a relationship between them .
the plan , which we have , has offered people a different option of between 70 and 59 different funds .
we have seen that there are fewer options for participation when it comes to more funds .
if you look at the very far situation -- it &apos;s about 40 percent of the project options , which is not as high as we want .
in the plans , which include about 60 euros , turnout is up to 60 per cent .
it turns out that even if you have decided to join it , there &apos;s even more options .
in those who choose to participate , more people are far from the stock market and the free capital funds , as choices are more likely .
it &apos;s more likely to take more options and take the bank accounts .
none of the current elections in the left are the categories that we will recommend to improve the future financial situation of any of us .
in the last decade , we have seen three main negative results of the three main negative results .
people are planning to choose their own interests , even if they go wrong .
they make worse choices , worse fiscal choices , medical choices .
even if they make better choices , they make less choices that satisfy themselves .
the fundamental reason is that we may like to watch the giant fish , mustard , mustard , lemon , reçel , but we can &apos;t do it and we can &apos;t do it and we can &apos;t do anything .
the four simple technical -- i want to propose you today -- i &apos;ve tried them in various ways of research in different ways .
one : reduction .
you &apos;ve heard about it before , but it never was so meaningful today , &quot; less , better . &quot;
when i say &quot; lowering &quot; , people are always frightened .
they worry about losing the shelf sheets .
but what we actually see is that when you prefer to reduce the reduction , you get out of options , you get the sales , the sales decrease , and the choices are improving .
morgan &amp; amp ; gamble was a 10 per cent increase in sales when it decided to marketing 26 different foie &amp; amp ; shoulders .
the golden diamond corporation saw a 70 per cent increase in the purchase of at least 10 per cent of the satan kedi , and the cost has dropped .
today , a supermarket offers you an average of 5,000 products .
typical demo today offers you 1,000 products .
but today , the world &apos;s largest 150 , and it just offers 20,000 products , just a kind of milk .
and we saw one of the best examples in the financial interest that david griffith said , how do the choices be made best in the program at harvard ?
now , every working thing at harvard is automatically entering a living fund .
the choice itself is 20 choices for those who want to do it , not 300 or more .
you know , people say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to decrease .
they &apos;re all very important options .
what i first did was to ask employees , &quot; what is the difference between this option ?
if your employees don &apos;t take them apart , they don &apos;t have any consumers . &quot;
so before the afternoon , we had a conversation with gary .
he said that the audience here wanted to give the audience a gift to the world &apos;s most beautiful .
this is the recipe of the road .
i want you to read .
i &apos;ll give you a few seconds to read , if you accept the suggestion of gary .
and who is it accepting ?
is it all that ?
so let me show you a little more .
you know it &apos;s a number , right .
now , who wants to go to this trip ?
i think this time i heard more .
okay .
now , in fact , you have more information in the first time than in the first time , but my guess is that it &apos;s true .
because the images felt more like this .
and this brings me to the technique , which takes a lot of choices , so it &apos;s the way we think .
people need to understand the results of each option , to understand the differences of the choices , and to see how the outcome will feel .
why do people spend between 15 and 30 percent more money instead of cash card or atms ?
because it doesn &apos;t sound like money .
so , it can be effective , actually , to try to make people more efficient .
we &apos;ve done a working with the translator and alessandro tempest , and we &apos;ve all done a work with the folks in ing , and they &apos;re actually recording the 401 plan in a session .
we &apos;ve done everything in this session , just adding something .
and what we did was , we asked people to think about all the good things that would happen if they were in the lives .
by doing this simple thing , they were raising participation by 20 percent , and they were willing to spend more than 4 percent more .
third technique : separated into categories .
instead of the options , we can do better with categories .
so here &apos;s a study that we &apos;ve done in magazines in the magazine .
do you know what &apos;s going on in the süpermarketlerinde markets in the north of america , but what happens ?
it seems to be able to put 600 papers in 10 categories and put 400 magazines in 20 categories , or 400 publishing books , as well as a better choice and better choice .
because the categories tell me how to separate them .
there are two different görüntüsü .
one is called jazz , &quot; jazz . &quot;
if the picture on the left , the one on the right , is the jazz .
so , a few .
if you &apos;re the jazz on the left , you &apos;re listening to the bluegrass .
well , a little more .
you &apos;ve heard it right .
you know the jazz on the left , but you know what ?
this is a very unnecessary form of categories .
it &apos;s not about choice options , but it &apos;s something to offer .
we see this problem on the long list of funds .
are they preparing for some information ?
my fourth technique is to prepare .
it turns out that we &apos;re just going to get a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit .
we need to increase the level of level levels .
let me give you an example of why i &apos;m talking about why .
take a very complicated choice : search .
here &apos;s a german manufacturer , a german manufacturer offering you an opportunity to design the car .
you make your own car with 60 different choices .
in each of these decisions , the number of options presented to you is different .
you have the color of the car , the color of the car .
the engine is four choices .
now i &apos;m going to do that , i &apos;m going to change the amount of these decisions .
half of the customers will choose one of 56 members of the 56 56 mixed .
the other half of the customers , the lower option , will go to many options , 56 of 56 color .
what do i look like ?
how much you are .
if you look at the present option , you have to say , you lose you .
what you find is that when you go to a very choice , people are choosing the option , and they &apos;re choosing the option .
we lose them .
when you go to a few options , they don &apos;t have the interest .
same information , the same number of options .
all i do is change the contents of information .
you &apos;re learning to decide .
the wheel doesn &apos;t tell me how to do the inner workings of the car , but it &apos;s trying to make me choice .
i &apos;m excited about this big product i &apos;ve created , i &apos;m glad i &apos;m not worried about it .
let me tell you .
i &apos;ve talked about four techniques to solve the problem of many options -- the reduction of the seçenekleri -- the somutlaştırın , the somutlaştırın -- the way that you can think of categories -- to make categories easier than categories .
all these techniques that i describe today are designed to lead you with options -- better for you , you can use it for your clients , for your clients .
because i think we need to choose to choose to choose the best outcome of a choice .
we can be more successful in choosing selective selection choices .
thank you very much .
hi , i &apos;m kevin tempest , i &apos;m watching the trend at youtube , and i &apos;m watching youtube videos .
that &apos;s true .
we &apos;re going to talk a little bit about how videos spread today and why it &apos;s important .
we all want to be stars -- famous , singer , dj -- and i &apos;m a young , but it looks very hard to do .
but the internet has made it so that any of us or any creative thing we do is truly famous in a part of our world .
in the next saturday , one of you may be famous on the internet .
but every minute , youtube is being sold for more than 48 hours .
and they can just spread out a very small percentage of them , and it &apos;s becoming a cultural moment .
so how does this happen ?
three things : trend trends , accession communities and anticipation .
okay , let &apos;s start .
oh , my god , my god .
oh my god !
djelic !

last year , he sent this video that he shot outside the national park of pretzels .
in 2010 , it was watched for 23 million times .
this is a picture of how it looks when it &apos;s popular last summer .
but he didn &apos;t actually do this video to spread this video .
he just wanted to share a rainbow .
because in the name of the adınız mountain , you do that .
and he actually sent a lot of the video clips .
and this video is actually what happened in last january .
it was actually jimmy jimmy .
jimmy jimmy , at the end of the end , took the video as popular as it could be popular .
because the trend , like jimmy jimmy , is to introduce us with new and interesting things , and they share them with larger environments .
today , friday , friday . we &apos;re going to take action friday . everybody waiting for the weekend , waiting for the weekend , waiting for the weekend , we &apos;re going to be able to talk about this video .
rebecca black &apos;s song &quot; friday &apos;s &quot; is one of the most popular videos of the year .
this year , almost 200 million times were watched .
this is a picture of how it looks .
as it was in the &quot; double rainbow &quot; video , it seemed like a sudden .
so what happened that day ?
that day , that &apos;s true .
and if you &apos;re wondering these bumps , they &apos;re on friday .
what about that day , what happened on friday ?
he took him and many bloggers started talking about it .
at the science academy , michael w. nelson was one of the first people to do this video on twitter .
but what &apos;s important is that the trend in individual or group trends has set a point of view , and by accelerating the process , they shared the process .
and so they created a community that was made up of people who shared big sharks , and they started to talk about it and do something with it .
and now there are 10,000 parodisi of &quot; friday &quot; on youtube .
even in the first seven days , there was a joke for other days .
unlike the only one-way entertainment game in the 20th century , this society shows how we are part of this phenomenon , or by doing something with it or with it .
&quot; kodar is the only one that is a bir music . &quot;
that &apos;s exactly how it is .
this year , almost 50 million people were watched .
and if you think that &apos;s weird , you know that there are three hours of versiyonu version of this .
even cats were watching this video .
the cats were watching other cats watching this video .
but what &apos;s important here is that this technician , the computer , has been inspired by the internet culture .
there were the recordings .
somebody made a version of the old time .
and then it became international .
it &apos;s a big remix community that makes it just a stupid joke , and it &apos;s a big remix community .
because we &apos;re not just doing fun anymore , we agree .
and who could imagine that ?
who would be &quot; double rainbow &quot; or rebecca black or &quot; h cat &quot; ?
what scenarios do you have in it ?
in a world where two days of the video have been stolen , it can only be unique and unexpected .
when a friend of mine told me that i should watch this wonderful video of a man who protested the bike sentences in new york city , and i must admit that it &apos;s not very much .
we have a ticket to stay on the bicycle , but often there are obstacles that are not going to be properly done on the bicycle .
it was completely surprising and funny , casey showed the idea of lolcats and his purpose seven million times .
and this new approach applies to every new thing we do in a creative way .
and all of this brings us to a big question .
what does that mean ?
okay .
what does that mean ?
trend trends , creative participatory communities , all of the new kinds of media and new culture , which everybody can reach , can be described as the characteristic of the new kind of media and the audience of the audience .
i mean , as i mentioned earlier , justin bieber , who is one of the largest in the world , has made his debut on youtube .
nobody has to put a green light on your mind .
and now we &apos;re all conscious in our own pop culture .
and these are not the characteristic characteristics of the old media , and today they &apos;re almost not valid for today &apos;s media , but they &apos;re going to be the entertainment concept of the future .
thank you .
how can i tell you how to stem the relationship of a 14-year-old girl , who is a little girl in a small ship in the sea of the sea , with a little girl , a little girl in the sea of san francisco for more than 30 days , and i &apos;m going to talk to you about a little girl &apos;s life , which is now a little girl in san francisco , and i &apos;m going to tell you about 10 minutes in a talk .
it &apos;s not a finished story .
this is a ring that is still being brought together .
let me tell you some of these pieces .
imagine the first song : a man burning the job of his life .
he was a poet , a playwright , a man who was able to meet all his life in hopes of his country and freedom .
imagine it as a communist that went into mao , where his life was completely lost .
the words , longtime friends , are now crying with him .
he was buried .
he died in his heart because of his defeat .
he was my grandfather .
i had no chance to recognize it .
but our lives are much more than our lives .
my grandmother never allowed her to forget her life .
my mission was not allowed to do it , and the lesson that we need to do : yes , the history tried to destroy us , but we did not have breast .
the other part of the piece is dawn , and the other part of the story is that dawn is locked in the air .
my mother , matthieu , was 18 years old when his father died , and she had been married with two daughters .
for him , life was one of the only one suspended : a new life of life and a new life in australia .
it wasn &apos;t the mind for him to do it .
after a four-year legend of the dream , a ship was discovered in the sea .
all adults were aware of risks .
the biggest fear hackers , rape and death .
like many adults in the ship , my mother had a little bottle of poison .
and he was dead , first of all , my sister and i was a girl .
i spent my first time on the ship -- the constant rhythm of the engine , the pruva of the pruva , the icy horizon .
i don &apos;t remember many times , but i didn &apos;t remember that the guys in the ship were attacked by pirates or engines , and they didn &apos;t work for six hours .
i remember the young man of the oil tower in the gulf of malaysia , and i remember a young man who died in the sea , the journey ended , and i remember the first bottle i ate , the men in the tower .
the taste of any of the meat was identical .
after three months of refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
the other part of the puzzle is that four women are together about creating a new life .
so we moved to the nrc , a worker from the village of demografisi .
unlike the yerleşik middle class , which i was aware of the existence , there was no right to be right on the ground .
the kokular of the shops were coming from the rest of the world .
and the word &quot; çat blah &quot; was the exchange of exchange between people and people who were going to start life again .
my mother worked in farms , and then six days , a couple of vardiyalı car crashes .
he had a time to work in english , and he gained a degree in information technology .
we ate .
all of the dollars were put aside , and it was measured in addition to the bütçemiz and the mathematical classes that were missing , and these were the things that were often kıyafetlerdi , the second hand .
it &apos;s two double shoes that are trying to hide the holes in the school to keep wearing .
it &apos;s a school game that goes up to the teeth , because it &apos;s been wearing six years .
and it &apos;s very rarely , &quot; çekik , gözlü , &quot; and there were graffiti papers , &quot; go home . &quot;
where is home home ?
it was up to something .
there was a decision , and it was like , &quot; i &apos;m going to ignore you . &quot;
my mom , my sister and i were in the same bed .
my mother would be very tired every night , but still tell each other how to cross the way we live , the grandmother in my grandmother &apos;s house .
my mother had seen the kabuslar in the night .
and my job was to be awake to see when those fears began to see .
he opened a computer shop , and he was trained to become a beauty specialist , and he created another .
and women also brought their stories to their stories , because they were angry and stubborn , because they couldn &apos;t have the stories of the men who were angry and stubborn .
aid and sponsors were searched .
the centres were established .
i lived in parallel worlds .
in one , i was a bir student who was ruthless in anticipation .
in other words , i went to the network of life , which is a tragic reminder of the death of drugs , drugs and violence .
but over the years , most of them were helped .
and because of this work , i was chosen as the last year of my career , as a young australian .
and i was blown from a piece of the puzzle from one piece to another .
no longer , he was invited to the homes where he had never heard the name of a refugee and social activist , who had never heard of his name , who had never heard of his name before talking to her .
i didn &apos;t know the protocols .
i didn &apos;t know how to use knives .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about wine .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
i wanted to return to a unknown banliyödeki , and i wanted to return to my life , almost 20 years ago , to tell each other how to live in the same way as a mother , a mother and two daughters , who are still sleeping in the same bed .
i told my mother that i couldn &apos;t do that .
he reminded me that i was at the same age when we landed on the ship .
&quot; no &quot; has never been a choice .
&quot; just do it . &quot; &quot; and it &apos;s like someone else . &quot;
i made it clear that young people have lost education and their rights and their rights .
and i was more speaking , i was asked to talk more .
i met people from all walks , and most of them were doing what they loved , and they had a life with them .
and i realized i didn &apos;t want a career in the rule of law , but i didn &apos;t want a career in the field of law .
it had to be another part of the puzzle .
and i also realized that being foreign is a good thing to be , and it &apos;s a good thing to get on stage , and it &apos;s not just a good thing , but it &apos;s also a gift that &apos;s going to be a gift from the ship .
because one of the things that might mean to be one of the things that might be easy to be in the room could mean to easily accept the possibility of an expert .
i went out to know about the safe area : yes , the world is separated , but not in a way .
the prospect of the name has been praised dramatically .
there was a energy that was there , an incurable , yatıştırılamaz mixture of kindness , a strange mixture of faith .
and i followed my inner mind .
i set up a small team of teams , a little team that could be put against &quot; can &quot; .
we didn &apos;t make money for a year .
at the end of every day , i made a whole kase soup that we all shared .
we &apos;re working late every night .
most of our ideas were crazy , but a little bit of it was a little bit , and we made a big deal .
after a single trip , the u.s.
i decided .
again , i listened to my self .
i moved three months later , and it was going on .
before i finished , i &apos;d tell you about my grandmother .
it was growing as the social norms and the person was in the philippines .
life hasn &apos;t changed centuries .
his father died shortly after his birth .
her mother loved her alone .
she became the second wife of a 17-year-old tongue , and her mother was violent .
because she had never received support from her husband , he brought him to court and sparked a stir , and he was making a bigger scandal .
it turns out that &quot; failure &quot; is wrong .
when i was born in melbourne , about 200 miles away , i was sleeping at a hotel in sydney .
when i was out of the morning , i saw him standing on the other side .
i knew she came to love .
and the minutes later my mother phoned .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist temple on the ground , and we sat around the tent .
we told stories , and we asked him to make sure he was still together with us .
at midnight midnight , he said he had to come and close the fence .
my mom asked her to keep his hand .
&quot; why is the rest of this cold hand so hot ? &quot; he said .
he said , &quot; because you &apos;ve been keeping it out of the morning . &quot;
&quot; let me go . &quot;
if we have a power in our family , these women can cross .
because we know who we are and how life shapes us , we can now see that the men who have entered our lives can stop us .
it &apos;s going to be very easy .
now i want to be my own children and i think of the ship .
who wants this thing for children ?
still , i am afraid of the privilege , from freedom , to aid .
can i give every wave to every wave in their lives , and can i give a broad spectrum that doesn &apos;t make any sense of the engine , and can i make a broad spectrum that doesn &apos;t guarantee anything ?
i don &apos;t know .
but if i gave you this , i would say , well , i did .
and also , the mother &apos;s mother is in the fourth or fifth .
i &apos;m here to share photography .
so is this photography ?
because , of course , this picture is not a photograph that you can see with the machine .
yet , my interest in photography started when i was 15 years old when i was 15 .
the previous passion came together with drawing , but it was a little different because the camera was planning the process .
and if you take a picture of a camera machine , it &apos;s going to end when you &apos;re in the air .
and for me , photography was more than being right at the right time .
i thought it could do it all .
so i wanted to create something different , something that started when you put the light on the screen .
photos like this : construction work on a busy road .
but it has a unexpected game .
and yet , there &apos;s a reality of reality .
or the photos like this -- both dark and colorful , but the common goal of pursuing the artistic level .
i mean realism , i mean realism .
because , of course , it &apos;s not really something that you can really get , but i want it always to look like a photographic camera .
it &apos;s the pictures that you have to think about for a short time to solve the trick .
so it &apos;s really about trying to capture a moment .
so what &apos;s the trick that makes it look real ?
is it something about these things or color ?
is it something about the light ?
what creates the illusion ?
sometimes it &apos;s a perception of perspective .
but finally , everything is about how we think about the world and how it can be carried out on the two-dimensional surface .
it &apos;s really what we think that this image is not really , really realistic .
so i think it &apos;s very simple .
i see this as a kind of a yap-boz that we put together to take different parts of reality and create another reality .
let me show you a simple example .
there are three wonderful physical objects that are able to be able to be able to live in a three-dimensional world .
but when it comes in a certain way , they can still create a three-dimensional thing that can be three-dimensional .
but we also know that it doesn &apos;t exist .
so we &apos;re missing our brains , because our brain does not accept the fact that it doesn &apos;t actually make sense .
and i see the same process as well .
it &apos;s actually about combining different reality .
so what makes a picture realistic , i think , is that we don &apos;t really think about things that we don &apos;t think about everyday lives .
but it &apos;s really important to think , it &apos;s really important to think , because otherwise it &apos;s wrong .
what i want to say is that there are three simple rules to be followed to get realistic results .
you see , there &apos;s no special part of these pictures .
but they &apos;re creating something like this .
so the first rule should be the perspective of the birleştirilen images .
secondly , the lights of the united images should be the same species .
and in these two images , there are two conditions -- the same altitude and the same light .
and the third is that it &apos;s about making it impossible to see where the different pictures start , and where the different pictures start , where the different pictures begin .
it &apos;s impossible to make sense that it &apos;s united in the corner of the picture .
in the boundaries between different images , color and clarity in the boundaries of the space , the depth of the space , the depth and the reflection of the space , we remove the boundaries of different images , and we can take the boundaries of the space , and we can see the boundaries of a single single picture , even though it &apos;s only hundreds of layers .
here &apos;s another example .
people can think that this is the picture of a land , and the bottom side is the bottom side .
but in fact , this picture took place in a completely different way .
personally , i think it &apos;s easier to create a place than to find a place , because you don &apos;t have to give out to the ideas you think of .
but it requires a lot of planning .
and i knew that this idea was about a few months when i was in the winter to find different places to design and basically shape parts .
for example , it was taken into the official fish .
the coast is different from different places .
six of the water was taken in a stone factory .
and yes , i even turned the house at the top of the island to look a little bit more like a red .
so to get realistic results , i think it &apos;s because of planning .
it &apos;s always a draft , it starts with an idea .
then it &apos;s coming to connect different photographs .
and there was a very good set of things .
and if you take the photos , you get a good job , and it &apos;s pretty , very realistic .
so we need all the equipment that we need , and the only thing that limits us is imagination .
thank you .
i want to talk to you about why many health projects fail .
and i think the most important thing is that we have stopped listening to patients .
and one of the things we did at the whitney university was to appoint a radio official .
it &apos;s not a very scientific way ; it &apos;s a little bit of tea , and it &apos;s getting a coffee , and the patient asks families , &quot; how does it go ? &quot;
how can we help you ? &quot;
and we want to think that this is what we want to think , that &apos;s not all -- but most of the problems that are caused by most of the health project , we &apos;ve been listening to listening .
this is my gps . it &apos;s very simple .
there &apos;s one button , open / closed .
and every morning , i stand on top of it .
and yes , i have a goal , as you can see .
and my goal is to be 95 kilos .
but it &apos;s so easy that when you go on it , it &apos;s going to go to google health .
my doctor also gets this data , so he sees what i have in terms of weight , and it &apos;s not at the moment that i need a cardiac support or something , but it &apos;s looking at the past .
but there &apos;s something else .
as some of you know , there are more than 4,000 people on twitter .
every morning , i &apos;m going to get the phone , and i &apos;m going to get more car , people start talking with me , &quot; i think we have to have a light lunch today , burma . &quot;
but the most subtle behavior that can happen is because this fellow pressure used to help patients in the old patients -- that could be used for obesity , for patients to stop smoking .
but on the other hand , it can be used to make people work together in a game of game activity to get more control over their seats and to take care of their health .
starting next week , it will be ready to use it .
it &apos;s going to be a little bit of this little tansiyon device that goes to the iphone or a similar thing .
and people will be able to go to their own homes , their health , to be able to get to the doctors who can , for example , pay for a hundred dollars a dollar .
and at this point , patients will be able to take care of their own control , but they &apos;re not only going to be able to get their own control of their own ship , but they &apos;re going to help us in health insurance , because of the problems that we &apos;re facing .
start with simple techniques , and start with this to get patients in the team .
and you can do that with these kinds of techniques , but you can also do mass supply .
i want to share one of the things that we do with a short video .
we all have navigation control in the car .
we even have a mobile phone .
we know the location of all the atms in the city of the maastricht .
another thing we know is where the gas stations are .
and of course , we can find fast food restaurants .
but what would be the closest to help this patient ?
we asked people , but nobody knew .
he didn &apos;t know where the closest life that was supposed to be found right now was to know where the koran was .
so we did all the netherlands .
we set up a website , and we asked the audience , &quot; if you see a ifor , please , please tell me where it is , where is it open , you know ?
and in the netherlands , there were more than 10,000 tedtalks in the netherlands already .
the next step we took was to find applications for him .
we did an ipad app .
we &apos;ve done an augmented reality , a application for layar , to find these aed .
like the maastricht and one of them , you can use your iphone , you can use your iphone in a couple of weeks , and you can find the most recent aed that will work in microsoft .
so from today , we want to promote this to you , not just as a 3g , but that &apos;s the name of the whole product , but it also .
we want to launch this worldwide .
we want the world all around the world to help us to act like this , to create all these meps around the world , to make a job , work and work like this .
whenever you &apos;re lucky and someone else , you can be our own neighbor or just one , you can find this .
another thing we want is companies in all around the world that can help to confirm these tedtalks .
it may be the people who do the phone services or the cable business , just to see where the pentagon is still in place , to see if it &apos;s still in place .
please help us on this , and just to make health a little better , but to win control .
thank you .
i &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries today .
i work in the solar technology industry .
and the small start point is to find ways to get ourselves into the environment and to do that .
it &apos;s going to do that by taking the mass of mass .
this is a short video of what we do .
wait for a minute .
it can take a little bit of time .
in fact -- we can jump -- i &apos;m going to get the video , instead ...
no .
but that &apos;s ...
okay .
solar technology ...
ah , is it my time ?
okay . thank you very much .
i launched a program that would allow us to work on a program that would allow people in the field of bright technology and design in a couple of years , and they would be able to work in a environment that was expected to hate almost hate .
this is the program for america , and it &apos;s a bit like a technology of technology .
we pick a few friends every year , and we allow them to work together with the municipalities .
we &apos;re sending them into the third world , sending them into the inner city of the city .
and they create great practices with municipal employees .
but what they &apos;re doing is what they &apos;re doing today with technology .
it &apos;s a conversation with al .
al boston : a fire hydrant in the city of boston
it looks like a flört , but it &apos;s actually one of the things that he &apos;s looking for , because al knows that he &apos;s going to be able to do it in the snow , because it doesn &apos;t really have a lot of impact on the fires .
now , how did it come to the point of searching this very unique way ?
last year we had a team working for the american programme for america .
in february , there were a lot of snow and snow last february .
and they realized that the city would never dig out these fires .
but especially a friend , a guy named erik hansen , had another thing , which is that the citizens are using the sidewalks in front of these fires .
so he did a good computer programmer , he wrote a practice .
this is a little , app that you can adopt a fire hydrant .
so when you &apos;re in the snow , you have agreed that you &apos;re going to dig out this faucet .
if you do that , you &apos;re right to put it in , and then erik named the first fire water .
if you don &apos;t , someone can steal it from you .
there &apos;s a cute little game dynamics within this app .
this is a modest uygulama app .
this is probably the smallest of the 21st practice that friends wrote last year .
but this practice is doing something that no institutional technology can do .
it &apos;s spreading online .
a person working in the city of johannesburg is seeing this practice , and it &apos;s not about the tsunami , but the city residents know that they can use the tsunami to foster the tsunami .
the work of these tsunami bells is very important , but people are playing their wings .
so this guy has enabled residents to control the heads of the city .
and then seattle decided to use this app , to try to clear the rögarları of the city residents .
chicago has yet implemented this practice , so that the residents are being registered to clean snow snow .
we know the nine other cities that plan to use this practice .
it &apos;s spread as natural and organic without controversy .
if you know anything about the technologies of institutions , you know that things don &apos;t look like that .
the financing of a software typically takes a few years .
last year , a team of people worked in a project that took about 40 months in boston .
it was a way to help these moms decide what state school is suitable for their children .
and then he told us that this project would cost at least two years and two million dollars , at least two million dollars .
and that &apos;s nothing .
now there &apos;s a project on california court systems , which cost a lot of $ 5m , and it didn &apos;t work .
and the projects like this are the state institutions .
so it &apos;s like a couple of days of this app that spread through the internet , and that &apos;s the kind of uygulama of the institutions that spread through the internet .
it turns out that the institutions can work better and more like a lot of private companies like this .
it &apos;s not like technology , but it &apos;s more like the internet itself .
i mean , this is the fact that it means that it means that this is productive .
and that &apos;s very important .
what &apos;s more important about this app is that this generation of new generation takes care of the problems of institutions -- not the problem of kemikleşmiş institutional tradition , but as a problem of common institutional tradition .
this is a very good news because it turns out we &apos;re very good at working with digital technology .
now a very large group of people are developing the tools needed to work together .
not only for friends in america , but hundreds of people from all over the country write urban applications for their own communities .
they don &apos;t know their hopes of their institutions .
they &apos;re , of course , disappointed , but they don &apos;t complain , they do it .
and these guys know something that we &apos;re looking for .
and that &apos;s the fact that tim o &apos;s quote is that when we talk about all the other things that are going on in the institutions and all the other things that really infuriated us , tim &apos;s quote is &quot; we can &apos;t do things together together together . &quot;
a lot of people cut out the benefits of the institutions .
and if you &apos;re one of those people , i want you to rethink , because something changes .
politics is changing ; institutions are changing .
the institutions are basically taking power from us -- remember , &quot; what are we humans ? &quot; how we think about our institutions .
i didn &apos;t know a lot about the institutions when i got this program .
and like many people , i thought institutions were fundamentally related to the authorities .
i &apos;ve reached the conclusion two years later , especially local governments .
this is an information and an advisory hotline call center .
this is where you &apos;re looking at the number of services you &apos;re looking for .
if you have a chance to work in the center of call in any way , it &apos;s as part of scott lynch &apos;s program -- in fact , the whole team has done this , and you can understand that there &apos;s a huge variety of problems that can even be able to fill the institutions in their homes .
scott &apos;s call .
the official information base is &quot; the aquatic puppy . &quot;
it can &apos;t find anything . it &apos;s going to start with animal control .
and finally , &quot; look , can you open all the doors of your house and try and find out that that thing is going to come out loud , and you can &apos;t get it out ? &quot;
and this worked . scott .
but this is not the end of the apes .
boston is not just a call center .
there &apos;s a practice , the web and a mobile app , called &quot; the connections of citizens . &quot;
we didn &apos;t have that practice .
it &apos;s a work of the new urban dynamics office from boston to the new office of urban dynamics .
one day -- a real report -- this is what happened : &quot; i don &apos;t know if the elephant is in garbage .
how can i get it out here ? &quot;
it &apos;s a little bit different with the connections of the citizens .
scott was talking to the person directly .
but the connection of the citizens is public , so everyone can see it .
and in this case , it saw a neighbor .
the next report we got was saying , &quot; i walked out of this position , i found garbage behind the house .
the elephant ? it &apos;s a control . does it live ? yes .
i pulled the garbage up . i walked home .
the good night is the wild . &quot;
it &apos;s pretty simple .
this is great . this is a digital conversation .
and it &apos;s also a good example of the beginning of the establishment of some of the institutions .
it &apos;s a good example of how institutions become a platform .
i don &apos;t mean the concept of technological meaning .
i &apos;m talking about a platform that people are setting up to help themselves and others .
a citizen helped another citizen , and institutions played a key role here .
it brought two people together .
if they had their needs , it could also bring together institutional services , but according to institutional services , it &apos;s a better alternative and cheaper alternative .
when you help another neighbor , we have strengthened our society .
the animal control unit costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things we need to think about institutions is that politics is not the same thing .
a lot of people understand this , but someone else sees the other one .
we &apos;re in the system of institutions that we use .
how many times we chose a political leader -- and sometimes we spent a lot of time to choose a new political leader , and then we sat down , and then we would sit , and we certainly expect that the institutions will reflect our values .
that &apos;s the thing that institutions are like a huge ocean , and politics is the top surface of his 20 feet .
and that &apos;s what we call the bureaucracy of the surface .
we &apos;re telling this word how to hate this word .
and this is the kind of hate that we have to do with what we &apos;re paying for , and that &apos;s what we &apos;re paying for , and then we use ourselves , and then we use ourselves .
people seem to think politics is attractive .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make the bureaucracy attractive .
because it &apos;s where state institutions are doing real work .
we need to connect the mechanisms of state institutions .
and this is what the occupythesec movement did .
did you see these friends ?
a group of citizens wrote a bir report , saying the sec financial reform was a response to the recommendation of the sec financial reform bill .
it &apos;s not politically active , it &apos;s active .
now , it &apos;s time for us to ask ourselves about the world that we want to leave from the state institutions .
we have to see the big challenges that they face .
do we really believe that we can take this institution that is going to move to the point that we need to move to ?
we can &apos;t do it without institutions , but we need the institutions to be more effective .
the good news is that technology is making the functions of the state institutions in a way that can improve the function of civil society by strengthening the function of civil society .
there &apos;s a generation of people out there who grew up outside the internet , and they &apos;re so hard to do something together , just to design systems .
the average age of our friends is 28 , and i &apos;m almost a generation of them .
this new generation is very privileged to get their own voice .
they don &apos;t want to talk about who they &apos;re giving -- they &apos;re all talking .
they &apos;re their thoughts every channel , they can always understand , and they do it .
so when they encounter a problem with state institutions , they don &apos;t really want to hear their voices .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write applications that will enable the state institutions to work better .
and these practices allow us to use our hands to make our hands better .
this is a fire hydrant , cleaning wild grass , cleaning the wild geese , turning a litter of garbage in it .
well , we may have been fascinated by those fires since we have a lot of people .
but these practices are just like those of us who are not just consumers , the state institutions pay taxes and serve consumers that serve .
more than that , we are citizens .
and if you fix the concept of citizenship , it doesn &apos;t fix state institutions .
so the question for everybody here is : what is we supposed to do together , together with the big , important things , we &apos;re going to be just going to get voices , or we &apos;re also going to be the crowd crowd ?
thank you .
i often think about how wonderful the new technologies that come out of , and i &apos;m going to tell you that i &apos;m among my friends , i &apos;m going to tell you what i &apos;m really thinking about .
if you can open the slide on it ...
this is a slide that i chosen from the file .
i want to show you the specifics of the slide .
this is a slide of some analysis of the power of the local networks that we do about the power of modular computing .
what &apos;s interesting about this slide is that there &apos;s a sort of düz curve on the slaytında curve , which is a lot of technology that we &apos;re doing .
in other words , every single step here shows a magnitude of magnitude .
and this is something that we &apos;re talking about when we talk about the technology on logarithmic curves .
there &apos;s really a lot of weird stuff here .
and what i &apos;m going to talk about is basically this .
if you can see the lights ...
we can make the lights a little bit more , because i &apos;m going to use a piece of paper here .
now , why do we view the technology curve as logarithmic curves ?
so the answer is , if i just say that , if i just say that , this is a kind of a zaman , and this is a kind of saçma graph , which is a little bit ridiculous .
this is how it goes .
and they &apos;re telling us a lot of things .
now , for example , let &apos;s call a different kind of tekonolojinin , which is a straight line of the transportation technology , which is a straight line on the horizontal curve .
but when something happens , these are statistically changing .
so , if transportation technology was going fast as fast as the micro processor technology , i could be able to go to tokyo for the next day .
but it &apos;s going to move forward .
in the history of technological development , it &apos;s not seen that this kind of thing that feeds the growth of its own growth every few years .
now what i want to ask is , if you look at these exponential surfaces , they don &apos;t keep going forever .
maybe they &apos;re not as fast as they are .
there will be two things .
it will be completely different until it comes to something completely different , or that &apos;s going to happen .
that &apos;s all possible .
as an optimist , i think it &apos;s probably going to be like this .
if so , this is what happens in the middle of what we &apos;re now at the center of the center .
it means that a line of such a line is now happening in the shape of the world .
so what i &apos;m trying to ask is what this new shape of the world that i &apos;m trying to ask myself is .
what is the new situation that the world is moving ?
because in the middle of the moment , change seems very , very confusing .
when i was a kid growing up , it was something like 2,000 years ago , and people were talking about what &apos;s going to happen in 2000 .
here &apos;s a conference where people talk about the future , and as you &apos;ll notice , it &apos;s still around 2,000 years .
that &apos;s the distance that we &apos;re almost going to .
so in other words , it &apos;s almost as if every life is going to grow every year for a year .
i think the reason is because we &apos;re all feeling that there &apos;s something there .
this transition is happening . we all can feel it .
and we know that over 30 years , it doesn &apos;t make much meaning to design 50 years , because everything will be so different , and it doesn &apos;t mean that a simple practice we do doesn &apos;t mean anything .
what i want to talk about is what this change can be .
i &apos;m going to have to talk about a couple of things that have nothing to do with technology or computers .
and i think the only way to understand this is that it &apos;s going to be totally reversed and looking at everything .
i want to look at the scale of life in the world .
and i think when you look at this a few billion years , the picture begins to gain meaning .
if you go back up to two and a half billion years , the world is a very inefficient , big rock , a lot of chemicals around the world .
so if we look at how these chemicals are organized , we &apos;re going to start to think about how they do it .
but i think there are some theories that start to understand how this is happening with rna , but first of all , i &apos;m going to tell you a little bit of a kind of hikaye story , which is that all kinds of chemicals that have all kinds of chemicals around them are packed around .
and some of these grains of oil have made a special chemical combination that allows them to grow by taking chemicals from outside .
and the way that happened in this way was to split .
these little fat seeds were in some sense the most primitive form of cells .
but these seeds of oil today weren &apos;t literally alive in real terms , because each one of them was kimyasal chemical formüldü .
and each of them was the equivalent of the chemicals that were not equally equal .
so each drop was a little different .
in fact , these clouds that are going to be better to include chemicals , including chemicals and chemicals , are going to grow more and more bölündüler .
these are going to be longer and more genes .
now these are kind of a very simple life , but these are things that are going on when these clouds are having a trick with an interest .
in a way that we don &apos;t understand , these clouds learned to record information .
they learned to record the information that &apos;s called the dna , which is a special type of chemicals called dna .
in other words , this unconscious , a kind of bilinçsiz , in a way that allowed them to show what they were -- was a recording form that allowed them to register what they were .
what &apos;s amazing is that this pattern of recording has been unchanged by two and a half years since evolution evolved .
in fact , our story -- our genes are exactly the same code and writing .
in fact , all the living assets are written by identical typeface and code .
in fact , one of the things i just do to laugh -- we can write something with this code .
here &apos;s the 100 printer white tozum that i &apos;m trying to show in the airport security missions .
there are the standard letters that we use to represent it in the code , and what i do is , you can take this code by taking a piece of dna on a piece of dna , and i put it in 10 times .
now , if anybody wants a hundred million copies of the cards , there &apos;s plenty of a lot of people in this room , actually , for everybody in the world .
if i was really an obsession , i would put it into the room and put it into the room .
so what was the next step ?
it &apos;s an interesting step to record dna .
and this has been happier about a few billion years .
but then , there was a very interesting step in which everything was completely different , so these cells began to create information and interact with cell communities .
i don &apos;t know , but the bacteria are actually able to exchange dna .
so , for example , antibiotic resistance evolved .
some bacteria have discovered how they &apos;re going to stay away from the antibiotics , and together with other bacteria , it spread in this way , and the bacteria have a very large number of bacteria that are used to communicate .
this communication allowed the community to create the synergy of the community with the same ship .
so they stayed in life , or they failed . so the community was more focused in the community than all individuals in the community .
the transformation point is that these communities are very close , in fact , when they decide to go together and write the word of the whole community .
and the interesting stage for life was about one billion years .
and we have very evolved communities that are now functioning as a single organism , with different kinds of cells .
in fact , we are the community of many mammals .
we now have a large number of cells not just for themselves .
the skin cell -- the heart cell muscle cell muscle is useless without brain cells .
so these communities began to evolve . so , the interesting level that evolution is now is not a single cell that we call a single cell .
the next step happened within these communities .
these cell communities have begun to rethink .
they started to develop very special structures that did not do anything except of information processing .
these are neural structures .
these communities are neurons , they &apos;re information processing tools .
they &apos;re actually starting to work within the community and in the context of learning and learning .
these are the brain and nervous systems .
and that gave them evolutionary advantage .
because at this point , one individual , learning , that &apos;s the time of a single organism in the course of a single organism .
so , for example , a organism would be able to eat a certain kind of fruit when it was bad and the last time it was passed .
it could be in the lifetime of a single organism , but it was supposed to be evolutionary , before we created these special information processing structures , and the individuals who died in the hundreds of thousands of years had to learn evolutionary .
in fact , the nervous system , this particular information processing structure , has accelerated the whole evolutionary process .
because evolution can now happen in one individual .
it &apos;s happening in the learning period .
and then , of course , the individuals learned the hilelerini of communication .
for example , the most sophisticated version of this is human language .
it &apos;s a pretty surprising way to think about it .
there &apos;s a very complicated , dağınık thought here .
so i &apos;m sitting here , and i &apos;m hoping to create a kind of düşünce thinking , which is basically a smiley , and i &apos;m hoping to create an amazing and surprising thought of my mind .
and by taking something that &apos;s very complicated , we make it into sound , ses , and we produce something very complicated in your brain .
so that allows us to start working like a single organism .
so what we &apos;re doing is actually what we &apos;re doing is , as a human being , what it does .
we &apos;re going through the same process as we &apos;re moving information , presenting information and processing and processing information .
for example , the discovery of language is a very small step in this direction .
the phone , computers , video , teypler , cd-rom , all these things are the tools we have today to deal with our society .
and these are connecting each other to something much more quickly than we have before .
now evolution can occur in the mikro .
you &apos;ve seen a model of evolution , which is a small kind of evolution , a little bit of a evolution program that kiki has a little bit of evolution .
so we &apos;re now able to make the scale of time again .
one of the first stories i told you about was a billion years .
it took a few hundred million years to take steps like the nervous system and the brain .
it &apos;s more like language , more than a million years .
and it seems that it &apos;s going to take a few decades to take steps .
if the process feeds itself , it becomes catalyst , i think it &apos;s the most appropriate word that is able to change the speed of change .
it changes faster .
and i think that &apos;s what we saw in this explosion .
we see that this process feeds itself .
i &apos;m making computers , and i know it &apos;s not possible for the most recent developments in computer design , without the latest developments in computers .
now i design so complex objects to design them in traditional ways .
i don &apos;t know what any transistor he does .
there are billions .
instead , the designers in teki and thinking have a little bit abstract thinking about it , giving it the machine to the machine , and making it faster and faster than we can do .
and in fact , it &apos;s the way that we don &apos;t understand that .
it &apos;s a particularly interesting way of which i &apos;ve been using a lot of it recently .
so what we &apos;re doing is we have to take a süreci evolutionary process in the machine .
for example , starting in the most extreme cases , we can create a program with random commands .
for example , the computer can produce a hundred million commands to me .
now please have all these random instructions and all these programs and ask the closest thing i want to do . &quot;
in other words , i &apos;m going to address my wish .
i want to do an example of what i do with it , let &apos;s call it the number ranking .
now , find the most recent programs that are coming to the ranking .
of course , the number of random commands of command posts is unlikely , and no one can really do it .
but one of them could put two numbers in the right place .
so i say , &quot; please , please get the best job that is doing the best job of the computer .
keep them without meat .
now , the best ones are again producing .
and again , the process of redefining the gender is again producing them .
the two programmes are going to change the programs and the lower programs , and it &apos;s a child that &apos;s inherited the characteristics of the lower programs in both programs .
now , in my hand , there are new generation programs that make a bit better work .
let &apos;s say &quot; the process . &quot;
again .
it &apos;s a mutation .
and by doing this again , do another generation for another generation .
each of these projects takes only a few miles a second .
so i can do a whole variety of millions of years in the computer , and i can do a few hours in complex situations .
at the end , there are programs that are absolutely excellent in my hand .
in fact , they &apos;re much more efficient than what i can do .
now i can &apos;t tell you how they work .
i tried to study them , let me tell you how they work .
it &apos;s hard to understand , weird programs .
but they do the task .
i &apos;m sure it &apos;s going to work because they come from hundreds of thousands of programs .
it &apos;s actually depends on doing their tasks .
and i was in a 747 , and i was in a 747 , and he said , &quot; oh , look , look at this . look at this .
do you make sure you have hundreds of thousands of small pieces that are working together to keep you safe ?
in fact , we know that business process doesn &apos;t work very well .
we &apos;re starting to trust computers in a very different process .
it allows us to create something much more complicated than it allows us to produce ordinary engineering .
and we haven &apos;t yet understood the options that we have .
in a sense , it &apos;s going on in the future .
we &apos;re now using these programs to produce faster computers , faster computers .
so he feeds himself back .
it gets faster , so i think it looks very confusing .
because all these technologies are feeding themselves .
we &apos;re going to stop .
we have a time of time where organisms organisms begin to turn into organisms that are very embryonic organisms .
so we &apos;re not thinking about what we &apos;re creating , and what we &apos;re creating .
we have a complete transition point .
and i think there &apos;s something really coming out of us .
i would like to think that we were the ultimate product of evolution .
the next thing is , what are we all here ?
the lunch is approaching , and i think i &apos;ll end here before i &apos;m going to finish .
my story actually starts two years ago in mumbai .
on a star night , i had a week of sufi singing called muhamed ali .
and we were talking about a change in the history of the old indian epic , which has never been changed .
and at that time , we were the indians , when we were traveling to the sky , we flew to the sky .
now we &apos;re doing the same with airplanes .
at that time , when the great indian warrior came back , he took a finger and pulled it out of the ground and pulled it out there .
now we &apos;re doing the same with machines and machines .
and the result was that the magic took the machines .
and that was really sad .
i realized that i started to get some sense of technology .
i &apos;m going to lose my idea that i could lose my ability to enjoy a day without a camera machine , and i would lose my own my friends .
and i thought technology should make it possible instead of killing magic .
a little girl gave me a little bit of little silver phone time .
and that 50 years of technology was the most magical thing in the world for me .
in my dream , pirates had become a golden wreath of a world filled with vessels and images .
so i felt that our mobile phones , the fancy times , and our cameras were pulling us out of imagination .
they &apos;ve been able to fix the stuff .
and so i made diving into the world of technology to see how i could use it to make it possible instead of killing magic .
i &apos;ve been drawing pictures for the books since 19 .
and when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a storytelling tool that would connect readers around the world .
we know how we keep it .
we can see where we are .
it brings the official and the text together , the audio and the ear .
storytelling becomes much more complicated .
so what do we do with this ?
in fact , i &apos;m going to introduce you to gphin , which is a app for the ipad .
he says , &quot; put your finger on each light . &quot;
and so i said , &quot; this is the person who belongs to this person , &quot; and i wrote the move .
and i actually become a character in the book .
at various points , i &apos;m going to come up with a little letter -- and it knows where you live through the ipad gps -- which actually shows me .
this kind of possibility of this kind of possibility is really fascinating .
i talked about the magic .
and i don &apos;t mean the fear of the fear and the dragon , i mean , the idea that we all have as a child .
the idea of a washing flower , for one reason , has always fascinated me .
and here you &apos;ve got the ipad , and it goes out .
and they &apos;re actually looking at the way the book works .
and the other idea that really fascinated me when i was a kid was to be in a single piece of the galaxy .
and here , every book and every world , every book and every world gets a little bit of the magic device .
and it opens a map .
since the beginning , the map of all the fantastic books has been a map , but these maps are moving .
this is a map of the growing , glowing and the book that &apos;s going on .
it comes out in certain parts of the book .
i &apos;m going to go inside now .
for me , the other thing that &apos;s really important to me is that it &apos;s a very modern , but also very modern content .
there are dinosaurs that you see here .
we all heard about legends and nimfaları , but how many people outside india know the apsaraları brothers ?
these poor dinosaurs were closed for thousands of years in the old and küf book , and they were closed for thousands of years .
and we bring them back to a modern child story .
and it &apos;s a story that deals with new challenges like environmental crisis .
when we talk about environmental crisis , i think the big problem that we &apos;ve been facing for the past 10 years is that kids are stuck in the rooms in their rooms , they don &apos;t go outside .
but now , with mobile technology , we can go out with our technology , we can go out to nature .
one of the interactions in the book is you get out of the outside , you can open your iphone on the ipad and take pictures of different natural objects .
when i was a little boy , i had various collections , stones , stones , rocks and sea shells .
and somehow kids don &apos;t do that anymore .
so you go out to restore this childhood ritual and take a picture of a flower , and then put it in .
in another part , we take a picture of a tree shell and add it .
and so you can actually create a digital photograph collection online online .
a kid in london takes a picture of a man and says , &quot; i &apos;ve seen a fox today . &quot;
and a child in india says , &quot; i &apos;ve seen a monkey today . &quot;
and it creates this kind of social networking around a collection of digital photographs that you really really do .
the possibility of bringing magic , world and technology together is really a lot .
in the next book , when video comes out , we &apos;re working on an interaction that you put on the ipad , and you see the hareketli dancing , which comes out of your house , you see the hareketli dancing in your house .
at some point , the screen is covered with leaves .
and you have to make wind sound for them , and you &apos;re reading the whole book .
we &apos;re moving towards a world where nature is coming to technology and the magic and technology come together , we &apos;re all moving forward .
we get energy from the sun .
we take our kids and the love of the childhood that we have with our own children and the world , and we have a simple story .
thank you .
this is a great honor for me .
i spent most of my life in cells , in prisons , in prison cells .
i spent most of my time in low-income neighborhoods and in the places where i had lost hope .
and here , to be at ted and seeing this call , is very exciting for me .
what i &apos;ve been doing here is that ted is an identity of ted .
you can tell the world that there &apos;s something that really contributes to the world .
some things have to do with ted as they don &apos;t have , as they don &apos;t have .
i &apos;m talking about that because i think identity is really important .
we watched some wonderful presentations .
i think we &apos;ve learned that a teacher can do things that come out of your ears , but if they &apos;re really important , they &apos;re particularly important .
a doctor can do good things , but if you can do something else , you can do other things .
i want to talk to you about the power of identity .
i didn &apos;t realize it was working in the field of law or doing my work .
i learned my grandmother .
i grew up in a traditional african family ; the chairman of our family was a member of the family , and he was angry , he was quiet .
they would have the outcome of all discussions in the house .
it was also the one that started many discussions in our house .
he was the daughter of a family that was really slaves .
parents were born in the 1960s as slaves in virginia .
it was born in the &apos; 60s , and from slavery , it transformed the way it was .
he was angry , but he was also loving .
when i went to see him a little boy , they were so tough that they were so tough , and then he left me .
two hours later , when i saw him again , he said , &quot; bryan , do you still feel like you &apos;re stuck ? &quot;
i say , &quot; no . &quot; i say , again , again , &quot; yes . &quot;
it had a characteristic of it , and you &apos;d like to be on it .
the only problem had 10 children .
the mother was the youngest of her 10 children .
sometimes when i went to spend time with him , it would be hard to get attention and time .
my friends walked everywhere .
i remember a day when i went to the hall , when i went to the hall , and i remember all my friends .
my grandmother was sitting in front of the room .
first of all , i thought we were playing a game .
and she looked at her and looked at her , but she was very .
and after 15 minutes , he came out of it , he came up on the other side of the room , and he kept me out , and he said , &quot; let &apos;s talk to you guys . &quot;
i remember it just like yesterday .
i will never forget .
he pulled me out and said , &quot; bryan , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but i &apos;m telling you that . &quot;
i said , &quot; okay , my bones . &quot;
he said , &quot; well , calm . &quot; &quot; of course . &quot;
and then he sat down and looked at me and said , &quot; i want you to know that i &apos;m watching you . &quot;
&quot; i think you are .
you can do whatever you want . &quot;
i &apos;ll never forget that .
and then he said , &quot; i want you to say three things for me . &quot;
i said , &quot; well , i &apos;m my wife . &quot;
&quot; my first my first wish is my mom always .
i want my little daughter and i always want to look at it . &quot;
i was like , &quot; yeah , i &apos;m my wife , i &apos;m my wife . &quot;
and then the second thing i &apos;d like to say is , &quot; the second thing i want is always to do the right thing , even if it &apos;s true . &quot;
i thought a little bit , and i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;m my wife . &quot;
finally , he said , &quot; my third wish is never drinking . &quot;
i was nine years old , so i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;m not going to go . &quot;
in the south , i grew up in a rural area , and i have a big brother , and i have a little girl .
a day when i was 15 , my uncle came home with a bir beer package -- where he found me and my sister , and my sister took me into the forest .
there were three children who were always doing the stories we did .
i got a cup of candy , and she gave her a girl , and she got a little bit and gave me a little bit of it .
i said , &quot; no , no , no . needless . you don &apos;t . i &apos;m not going to . &quot;
my brother said , &quot; come on . we &apos;re going to do this today , you have to do it .
i got a little bit , my brother took it , and he said , &quot; you know , you &apos;re going to get it . &quot;
i said , &quot; no , that &apos;s not true to me , you . you . &quot;
and then my uncle started looking upright .
he said , &quot; what &apos;s there ? &quot; he said .
and then he looked at me and said , &quot; i hope you &apos;re still in the talk when you &apos;re sick . &quot;
i said , &quot; why are you talking about ? &quot;
&quot; my grandfather says they are special , &quot; he said .
i was burned .
i &apos;m going to admit to you about something .
it &apos;s probably something i need to say .
this is going to be distributed to the big crowd .
but i &apos;m 52 , and i &apos;m going to admit to you that my life is a drop in my life .
it &apos;s not a very virtuous thing ; i say it &apos;s because of the power that exists .
if we create the right identity , we can say something that doesn &apos;t make sense to the world around us .
we can do what they think can &apos;t do .
when i thought about my grandmother , of course , it was all about all his grandchildren .
my grandfather was in jail for drinking .
my parents were dying from the disease that they had .
that &apos;s what we need to do .
so far , i &apos;ve tried to say something about our justice system .
our country is very different than it was five years ago .
in 1972 , there were 10,000 people in prisons .
today , 2.3 million people are .
the united states is the country that allows the world &apos;s most prison sentence .
there are seven million people who have been provisionally evacuated or bail .
and i think it changed the world to the root of the mass .
in poor neighborhoods , there are a lot of despair in places where different populations live , so there is despair .
every three black men between 18 and 30 have been killed in prison or released in prison or bail .
in cities around the country -- los angeles , philadelphia , baltimore , washington -- 93 percent of men were killed in prison or released in prison or bail .
our system is not just polarised because of the population , but also because of poverty .
the justice system in this country is better , if it &apos;s a white and innocent , it &apos;s better than the poor and innocent .
the results are far from crime .
still , we seem to be very happy .
the policy of fear and anger felt that it was like someone else .
connection is broken .
it &apos;s interesting to me .
i see some interesting developments in it .
the province , like in alabama , in some states , is taking your right to vote if you have a prisoner .
now in alabama , 34 percent of men have lost their right to vote .
according to our estimates , the number of votes in the next ten years will be equal before the adoption of the right to vote .
and there &apos;s an amazing silence .
i represent children .
many of them are very young .
the united states is the only country in the world convicted of 13 years in prison .
children in this country are being sentenced to death without a provisional release .
these cases are really happening .
the only country in the world .
i represent the insanları people .
the death penalty is very interesting .
in many ways , the real problem is that the real problem is that people are dying for their crimes .
this is a pretty reasonable question .
but we can ask this question differently , depending on the identity we have .
if we do that , do we want to die for the crimes that we have to ask for , not because of the crimes that we have to kill , but we don &apos;t want to kill .
i think that &apos;s amazing .
the death penalty in the u.s.
we found that one person was innocent for nine people , and that person was arrested .
an incredible mistake rate -- one of nine people is innocent .
it &apos;s incredible .
in the air , the shield was one of the nine planes that didn &apos;t allow any flight .
but somehow we can get ourselves through this problem .
it &apos;s not our problem .
it &apos;s not our job .
it &apos;s not our story .
i &apos;m very talking about these issues .
i &apos;m talking about whether we &apos;re not allowed to kill and kill .
so , this is very interesting , i &apos;m talking to them about the history of africans who teach the history of africans .
i &apos;m talking about them , the reconstruction process and the second world war that followed this .
they don &apos;t know much about him .
but for this country , it was a bir period of terrorism .
many communities have been faced with the danger of being abused .
they were frightened .
it was the terrorist threat that shapes their lives .
these young people come to me and say , &quot; mr. wilson , lectures , presentations , you &apos;re going to tell people they &apos;re going to stop saying they &apos;re faced with terror for the first time . &quot;
they say , &quot; we grew up with them . &quot;
and of course , this terror age followed discrimination and years of racism .
and unfortunately , we don &apos;t like to talk about our problems in this country .
we don &apos;t like to talk about history .
because of this , we didn &apos;t really understand what we did in history .
we &apos;re constantly dealing with each other .
we create constant tension and conflict .
we &apos;ve been talking about a challenge , because i think we don &apos;t want to bring ourselves to reality and reconciliation .
people in south africa realized that racism could be overcome without the truth and reconciliation .
in rwanda , even during the genocide , even during the genocide , but we didn &apos;t have this in this country .
i gave a lesson about death death in germany .
it was fascinating , because after my presentation , one of the academics stood up and said , &quot; listen to your people .
there is no death penalty in germany .
naturally , there is no death penalty in germany , &quot; he said .
the room was silence and a woman said , &quot; never can we never let people die in our history .
it is a sacrifice for us to kill a deliberate way , &quot; he said .
i thought about this .
how would it be like to live in a world where the people of germany killed people , and they were mostly jewish ?
it &apos;s not going to drop .
that would be vicdansızlık .
but in this country , we are killing people in the former south states , and here &apos;s the rate of the death of the victims , and if the death rate is 11 times higher than the black , it &apos;s 11 times higher than the ones that have been destroyed in the territory of those states .
but there &apos;s still this paradox .
i think our identity is our identity .
we don &apos;t care about these hard things , we care about positive and wonderful things .
we love the discoveries .
we love technology . we love creativity .
we love fun .
but in fact , these facts , with the horror , are being dominated by the ayrışmayla , the ayrışmayla , the urbanization .
and i think we &apos;re going to make these two things .
because in essence , we &apos;re talking about the problems that are more determined than being more determined , more complex in a complicated world .
for me , this means the opportunity to talk to the poor , the opportunity to come to ted .
think of them as part of our lives .
you know , in essence , we all have to believe things that we don &apos;t know .
we have to believe that the more reality we are .
innovation , creativity , development just comes from ideas in our minds .
it comes from a belief that we can take from a belief of belief in our lives .
and to me , our cognitive connection allows us to focus not only on bright and göz things , but also as important to dark and difficult things .
major czech leader vaclav havel talked about that .
&quot; when we tried to deal with the pressure in eastern europe , we wanted all sorts of things , but the most we needed was the hope that we needed , sometimes in desperate places , &quot; he said .
this spirit of spirit should be the basis of the commitment of the ted community .
we don &apos;t really allow us to be fully human , as long as technology and design bring us , we don &apos;t really allow us to be fully human , and we don &apos;t care about poverty .
but i &apos;m calling for you : it &apos;s much harder than the situation that you don &apos;t care about .
you know that .
i was a young lawyer , a young lawyer .
in the meantime , he was coming to montgomery , where he met with his closest friends , the older men , the elderly and the older men , the montgomery , the montgomery , the montgomery , the white king , the white king , a white woman .
these women came together and just spoke .
and jeff foster calls me , and he says , &quot; bryan , you &apos;re going to come to the city , and we &apos;ll talk to you .
do you want to come and listen ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; of course , i would like . &quot;
he said , &quot; what are you going to do when you get here ? &quot;
i would say , &quot; i &apos;ll listen . &quot;
i was there , and i was listening .
it gave me energy and power .
once listening to these women , a few hours later , a few hours later , he turned to me and said , &quot; now , let me tell you what &apos;s going on with bryan .
let me tell you what it is to do . &quot;
i started to tell him .
&quot; we are trying to fight injustice .
we &apos;re trying to help people who are unfair .
we are trying to conflict with legal justice and discrimination .
we are trying to help children who are not allowed to provisional release talks .
we &apos;re trying to do something about the fine .
we &apos;re trying to reduce the number of people in prisons .
we are trying to prevent collective punishment . &quot;
and i told him all these things , and he looked at me and looked at me and said , &quot; mm .
it will be very , very tired to you . &quot;
and he was going on this to me , and he was going to put his finger up and said , &quot; this is why you should be very courageous . &quot;
i believe the ted community should really be very courageous .
we have to find ways to deal with these challenges , to deal with stories .
because our humanity depends on humanity .
i learned some very simple things when i was doing the job .
he taught me some very simple things .
i realized that we are more than the worst thing we do .
i think that &apos;s like everyone on the planet .
i think it &apos;s not just a liar .
i think it &apos;s not just a burglar , but it &apos;s not just a burglar .
i think you &apos;re not even killing one killer .
so , human dignity should be protected by law .
and i think that &apos;s not the wealth of poverty in many parts of the country and the world .
i don &apos;t believe that .
i think in many places , poverty is the opposite justice .
and i think that &apos;s how beautiful , inspiring , exciting , exciting , even though we &apos;re going to use our technology , our tasarımlarımızla , our mantığımızla and the mantığımızla .
you end up with the character of a society , and you don &apos;t know how to treat the character of a society , to the rich , to the poor , the hapsedilmişlere , the hapsedilmişlere .
because of this attitude , we understand our own way .
sometimes i &apos;m going from the ground . i &apos;ll end with this story .
sometimes i &apos;m very busy .
like all of us , i &apos;m curious .
sometimes these ideas think about themselves really important .
i represent children sentenced to very heavy penalties .
i &apos;m going to see my wife , who has been tried to appear as a child in the prison of 13 years old .
and i think , how did that happen ?
how can a judge turn you into something that you don &apos;t have ?
judge decides he &apos;s a grownup , but i see this kid .
i was thinking about late night , my god , if you have a judge , they have to have magical powers .
so bryan has the magic powers .
you want to share these with you .
i didn &apos;t feel right for the late hour , i started working on a motion .
when she was 14 , he had a poor , black müvekkilim .
i started working on the motion , and the head of the bill : &quot; poor , 14 years old , i &apos;m going to act as privileged , white , white , 75 . &quot;
the law , in the prosecutor &apos;s office , did not interfere with the judiciary , in the judiciary .
i &apos;ve also put a crazy slate in this country , and there &apos;s no continuum in this country .
i &apos;d seen this crazy proposition that i woke up in the next morning , or did i really write this crazy proposition ?
so , as a scary , i was not just writing , i sent it to court .
a few months later , and i forgot that .
eventually i decided , and i was going to go to the court and i would make this crazy defense .
i was in the car , i felt really overwhelmed .
i went to the car and went to the house .
i thought it would be very difficult and painful .
i got out of the car and i started walking in the court palace .
while the court was standing out of the palace , he was a middle-aged black surgeon .
when he saw me , he asked me to come and see who i was .
and i said , &quot; my lawyer . &quot; and i said , &quot; you &apos;re a lawyer ? &quot; and i said , &quot; yeah . &quot;
the man approached me , and he was interrupted .
my ears were laughing .
&quot; i am proud of you . &quot;
i tell you , that gives me energy .
this has created a connection with the identity of the identity and the ability to contribute to the society and the different perspectives .
i went to court .
he goes in , and he saw me .
and he said , &quot; mr. wilson , you have to say that crazy proposition ? &quot;
i said , &quot; yeah , i &apos;ve written . &quot; we started debate .
the people in the audience started getting in .
i wrote these crazy things .
and police officers , prosecutors , investigators walked inside .
and when i didn &apos;t know what happened , people who were angry about the race , from poverty , from poverty to the court , went to court .
i saw my eye , and i went back and saw the cleaning bed .
he was looking at the window and he was hearing all this mess .
he continued to go back .
finally , this young man in the middle of this young man came in and sat in , and he sat down , almost lawyers .
10 minutes later , he said we would give the judge .
the deputy director of the police , meanwhile , was surprised to enter the courtroom .
he stood up and he went to this young man .
he said , &quot; jimmy , are you at the courtroom in the courtroom ? &quot;
the old black man stood up , and he looked at his deputy and he looked at me , and he said , &quot; i come to this room , and i come to this room for this young man . &quot;
i think most of you have to come to ted , and most of you realize that the moral morality of the universe is true .
you realize that people are fully aware of human rights and human dignity .
you realize that we &apos;re living in life depends on survival .
technology , design , entertainment , creativity , you know that our children need to be internal , compassion and justice .
so , more than anything else , you &apos;ve got to share this feeling with your eyes , and i come to say , &quot; i &apos;m going to tell you about it . &quot;
thank you very much .
you &apos;ve seen this audience and this community as clear that they want to help you .
what else can we do with a check ?
there are many possibilities around us .
for example , if you live in california this summer , it will be a referendum , and there will be the effort to transfer money to other places .
for example , we &apos;re going to spend a billion dollars in the next five years in california -- a billion dollars .
however , 70 per cent of the murders are not covered by the arrests .
56 per cent of the rape cases fail .
we have a chance to change this .
the referendum suggests that these money will be made by legal sanctions and security .
i think there are possibilities around us .
in the last three decades , there is a huge decline in corruption in america .
part of this is rising rates .
what would you say to someone who said that ?
in fact , the crime rate remained relatively flat .
in fact , the increase in mass execution was actually not in this wild criminal category .
it was the amaçsız war against drugs .
this is a visible increase in the population of our prisons .
we have won ourselves in this criminal statement .
we have three çentik , which is the fact that we will bring these resources to the victims , the name of the mali , the financial crimes , and we have been imprisoned forever .
i think we should do more to help victims , not less .
the current justice system does nothing for anyone .
that &apos;s what we need to change .
you &apos;ve got a very big interest here .
you &apos;re an inspirational one .
thank you very much for coming to ted . thank you .
setimes : threats have increased after bin laden &apos;s death .
second general : famine in somalia .
third reporter : the police pepper gas . the fourth reporter : amansız .
fifth reporter : organic tour ships . sixth general : social loss .
seventh general : 65 dead . the eighth interviewer : tsunami warning . the ninth interviewer : attacks .
a few journalists : drug war . mass destruction .
the decline . the delay . it &apos;s dead . egypt .
syria . crisis . death .
it &apos;s disaster . oh my god .
peter borges : these are just some of the clips i &apos;ve collected in the last six months -- just some of the last six or six years .
i mean , the news is that broadcasters prefer to give us negative news , because we have these attention .
and there &apos;s a reason for that .
every time every single day , our emotions bring us much more data than the brain can do .
and the first stop of all those data is , because it &apos;s not more important than survival , the first stop of all those data is called a kıymığıdır .
now , the cortex is early warning detection , our danger .
and they organize all the data and explore anything that can hurt us in the environment .
so we &apos;re particularly going to look at the negative ones .
and that old journalism i said , &quot; if it &apos;s true , &quot; it &apos;s right .
so , if we think about all the digital devices that we &apos;re going to think about at least 24 hours a week , it &apos;s not surprising that we &apos;re going to be negative .
it &apos;s not surprising that people think the world is going wrong .
but , perhaps , that &apos;s not the case .
perhaps , what &apos;s been brought to us is what happens in reality .
perhaps , in the last century , the tremendous development that we &apos;ve been showing in the last century is that it really is so slow that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
now i don &apos;t say we have a lot of problems -- climate crisis , the destruction of species , water and energy -- of course .
and as humans , we &apos;re much better in seeing problems than before , but we &apos;re going to fix them .
so let &apos;s see what the last century is to see where we &apos;re going .
in the last century , the average lifespan of people has increased more than doubled , compared to inflation , compared to inflation per capita .
child mortality dropped to one of them .
add the food , electricity , transportation , communication costs to someone in the 10 to 1,000 .
steve pinker actually showed us the most peaceful times of human history .
and charles willie was over 80 percent of the global global population over the last 130 years .
we live in a very unusual time .
most people forget this .
and we increase our expectations .
in fact , we redefined what poverty means .
so , think about the poverty line in america today , most of the people below the poverty line , the water , the water , the refrigerator , the cell phones , the mobile phones , the mobile phones and the cars .
the richest mafia bosses in the last century didn &apos;t even have such a kind of lüksleri .
it &apos;s the technology underlying , and it &apos;s recently growing technologies that are growing exponentially .
my good friend ray kurzweil has shown that any device that has information technology is going into this curve , moore law , and every 12 to 24 months of price performance .
so this is why the mobile phone in the pocket is literally a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster .
now look at this curve .
this is moore &apos;s law .
i want you to see two things from this curve .
first , how smooth is -- well , at the time and at the time , in the war and in the war , the decline , decline and decline .
this is the result of getting computers faster to make computers faster .
none of our major challenges are slowing down .
and also , even though the law on the left has been observed on the right , it &apos;s shrinking down .
the speed of technology is accelerating itself .
and on this curve , moore &apos;s law has a lot of powerful technologies that are open to all of us .
it &apos;s the cloud of the cloud , my friends at autodesk -- the sensors and networks -- the 3d printing , the demokratize of the üretimin production , the demokratize of the üretimin production , and the ability to distribute the dağıtılma of synthetic biology -- synthetic medicine , drugs and food .
so how many of you have watching ibm win the logo ?
so , it was epic .
in fact , i was looking for the best newspaper newspaper i could find .
and i love this : &quot; watson has been superior to human competitors . &quot;
it &apos;s not a easy game .
it &apos;s about human language .
and please imagine , every person with a cell phone is open to such artificial intelligence .
four years ago at ted kurzweil and i started a new university , singularity university .
and we teach our students how to use all these technologies to solve the big challenges of humanity .
and every year we want a company or a product or product that will affect the lives of a billion people in a positive way .
imagine that , literally , a group of students , today , is the fact that a billion people are capable of life .
it sounds ridiculous about 30 years ago .
today we can build a dozen companies that have done this .
when i think about creating abundance , it &apos;s not about creating a luxury life for everyone on the planet -- creating a living life .
it &apos;s a rare thing , and it &apos;s going to be bollaştırmak .
look , it &apos;s a bağlamsaldır , and it &apos;s a etkidir effect .
let me give you an example .
so this is a story about the napolyon in the mid-1980s .
that &apos;s the type on the left .
he called on king king to eat .
all the soldiers of stalin beat the silver ring , the french gold knife .
but the king of the gulf , he fed that calcium limb .
you see , the most valuable metal on the planet is more valuable than gold and gold .
that &apos;s why the hill of the washington monument is made of plastics .
what you &apos;re going to see is the mass of the mass of the earth , but it &apos;s not pure metal , but it &apos;s not pure metal .
it &apos;s always tied to oxygen and sheets .
but then the helium technology came out , and it was completely so expensive that we used it to use it .
so we can move this analogy forward .
we think about energy shortages .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet that we &apos;re using every year by 10,000 times a year .
every two minutes , 16 watts power is on the surface of the earth .
it &apos;s not rare , but it &apos;s the issue .
and there &apos;s good news here .
for the first time , this year , in india , the cost of the electricity produced in the sun is 50 percent of the cost of the electricity that is produced -- 17 rupees .
the cost of the sun was 50 percent last year .
last month , mit published a study showing that the united states would have six cents an average of 15 cents per national average , instead of the national average of the sun .
and if we have plenty of energy , we have plenty of waste .
now we &apos;re talking about water wars .
in 1990 , carl hoffman passed out of the world , when he went back to the world , and remember the cassini spacecraft .
he took a famous picture . what was the name ?
&quot; blue blue dot . &quot;
because we live on a water planet .
we live in a gezegende planet with water .
yes , 99 percent of the 99 percent of the water , two percent of the water , and we fight for half the water on the planet , but there &apos;s hope here .
and there &apos;s the technology that &apos;s going to be available to use , not about 10 , 20 years , right now .
there &apos;s nanotechnology coming coming out .
in my talk this morning , dean kamen and i i &apos;d like to share with you , i want to share with you -- that allowed me to let this -- you know , the name of technology that you may have heard of -- something that you may have heard is a little yurt-odası .
the litre of the two components -- saltwater water , dirty water , toilet -- the board of the tuvalet water water , the board of the toilet and the board of test , approved that hundreds of units in the developing world .
and if it works , i have any confidence that it will work , coca-cola will start using it globally in the world in the world .
here &apos;s the innovation that exists today , with this technology .
and we saw this in mobile phones .
you &apos;re going to get 40 percent mobile phone detection in the end of 2013 .
imagine , in the middle of kenya , a mobile phone in the middle of kenya has a better mobile conversation than 25 years ago .
so if they went from a smart phone to google , 15 years ago , president clinton had much more information and intelligence .
they live in a world that has information and communication as much as nobody can imagine .
even better , you and i spend hundreds of thousands of dollars and hundreds of dollars and hundreds of thousands of dollars , the libraries , the kütüphaneler video and the static images , the libraries and the durağan , the tıbbi of the digital phone .
maybe the best part is health .
last month , i had the pleasure to explain something called hp x prize , a $ 10m .
in the world , in fact , all these technologies , all of these technologies , because it &apos;s a mobile device that can be able to get your blood to be able to get your blood through a mobile device that can be able to get your blood on top of it , and to get you to get a more successful group of doctors .
so literally , imagine the middle of the developing world where doctors don &apos;t have doctors , 25 percent of patients and 80 percent of the health workers .
this is the disease , and when it finds a rna virus that doesn &apos;t know it , it &apos;s looking for disease control and prevention , and the mass epidemic is blocking it .
but the greatest impact is here to create the world of abundance here .
i call the rising billion .
here &apos;s the white lines here .
we &apos;ve crossed seven billion lines in the world .
by the way , the best protection of the population explosion is to train and make the world .
in 2010 there were two milyardan , connected two billion people .
until 2020 , internet users will increase from two billion to five billion .
the three billion new minds that we &apos;ve never seen before are joining the global conversation .
what would these people want ?
what will they eat ? what will they want ?
and we &apos;re going to have the greatest economic challenge where we &apos;re going to have economic collapse .
these people represent hundreds of trillion dollars in the economy .
and by using the nrc , they will be healthier , and they &apos;ll be better trained using khan &apos;s academy , and the 3d printer and the infinite encyclopedia are all more productive than ever before .
so what can that bring us to the growing , healthy , educated , productive three billion members of humanity ?
what about a group of voices that we &apos;ve never seen before ?
what about the first time , where if they are , they &apos;re going to be heard for the first time , and to make a sound to move ?
what will that bring three billion people ?
what about the contribution that we can &apos;t even do ?
there &apos;s something that i &apos;ve learned at the x prize , which is the extraordinary thing that groups are able to do extraordinary things , they can do extraordinary things in the past , where they can do things that are only big corporations and governments .
let me share a story that really excites me and close with it .
there &apos;s a program that some of you may have heard .
it &apos;s a game called wi-fi .
he came out of the university of seattle in seattle .
and this is a game where individuals can take a sequence of amino acid and figure out how the protein is going to be .
and it determines its structure and function .
and it &apos;s very important for research in medicine .
and so far , a computer problem .
and this game was played by university professors and others .
and there are literally hundreds of thousands of people who are in the dictionary who start playing this game .
and it turns out , actually today , the human definition of the protein is better than the protein in the protein .
and when they went and looked at the world &apos;s best protein , they weren &apos;t a mit professor , he wasn &apos;t a mit professor , he wasn &apos;t a yönetici , and she was the best protein in the world in the night , and the best protein in the world .
ladies and gentlemen , it &apos;s the fact that there is a huge amount of trust that gives me the greatest challenges for the world , and that we are now in the world .
we have our tools with this exponential technology .
we have the passion of the designer .
we have the entrepreneurial regime .
and we have three billion new ideas that will work with us to try and solve the big challenges , to do the big challenge .
we live in the next extraordinary years .
thank you .
i think we need to do something about the changing of the medical culture .
and i think it should start from a doctor , and that &apos;s me .
and when i do that , maybe i can , for a long time , have been able to get out of the bölümünden section , which i have for a long time .
before i start talking about the theme of my talk , let &apos;s start with a little bit of a baseball .
why not ?
we &apos;re pretty late the season , we &apos;re approaching the finals .
we all love baseball , right ?
we have some remarkable statistics about baseball .
and there are hundreds of them .
it &apos;s about having statistics and a very good baseball team to get a book called &quot; fifa . &quot;
i &apos;m going to start on a statistic of statistics , i hope most of you hear it .
it &apos;s called a ortalaması average .
so , for example , we &apos;re talking about 300 .
that means that the player has three shots during the action .
so the most remote parts of the field have been captured by others , and it &apos;s not going to be taken at the beginning of the time , and the ball that hits the ball is just reaching the starting point .
three times , three times .
do you know what it was about 300 beats in the american football league ?
good , really good . even a star .
do you know what it was doing to someone 400 ?
this is , by the way , that every 10 beats means achieving four times .
legendary american baseball player ted williams , the last american baseball league , hit over 400 .
now i &apos;m going to feel a little bit less comfortable if you think about the conversation that i &apos;m going to make myself a little bit more comfortable or i &apos;ll do .
and you &apos;re going to be a surgeon , and a surgeon has been replaced by a surgeon , a surgeon who made 400 targets on the cbbh .
strangely , there &apos;s no way to accept that , right ?
now , the bird doesn &apos;t travel , imagine you live somewhere in a place , and you &apos;re going to have a cardiologist in two coronary vessels that you &apos;re familiar with , and that &apos;s a cardiologist who has 200 200 200 200 200 200 shots for the kişi .
but do you know what happens ?
he &apos;s doing a lot better this year . he &apos;s catching him .
and he &apos;s making 28 feet .
it doesn &apos;t work in a strange way .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
what do you think about a heart surgeon or a doctor or a physician , a physician , a ortalaması of an emergency ?
1,000 , beautiful .
now the real thing is that the whole of medicine is not necessarily knowing the average rate of a good surgeon , or an emergency , to be successful .
and what we do is we don &apos;t want to be able to connect to the outside world , including me .
never , never make mistakes , but the details , how it can be .
and that &apos;s the message i got in medical school .
i was a traumatic student .
in high school , a class friend once said that brian goldman would work on blood .
and that &apos;s what i did .
i worked in a small room at the top of the hemşire state hospital , which is not very far from here .
and i read everything .
i &apos;ve been diagnosed with the anatomy in my dental textbooks , and in common every single arm , every single arm and every single arm of the column .
and i even learned how to type cardiovascular muscle and even figure out how to diagnose .
and with them , i learned more information .
and i succeeded , i graduated excellent degrees .
so when i finished my medical school , i had a impression that if i was as much as possible , it would be immune to me to make a mistake .
and that &apos;s a moment , it went wrong , until i recognized thomas maslow .
i was here in the hospital hospital in toronto , where i was a doctor , and i was brought to the emergency ward hospital .
i was a cardiology officer at the time .
and my task is to see the patient in the emergency room , where you see the patient .
and he was going to report that .
and i saw the lady maslow , and there was no breathing .
and when i was listening to him , it was a sound of sound .
and when i listened to his chest , i heard a bir sound on both sides , and he thought that there was a migraine heart failure .
in this case , heart protection is completely resistant to heart disease , and a little bit of blood vessels are flowing back to the blood , and the blood is going to be dolar and so on .
and it &apos;s not hard to put the diagnosis .
i put it in , and i plan for treatment .
i gave him antibiotics . i gave him drugs to reduce the pain .
i gave you the antiangiogenic shooter , which is called lithium , which is called antiangiogenic .
and after a two-hour or two hours , he started feeling better .
and i felt really good .
and at that moment i did the first mistake -- i sent him home .
in fact , i made two more mistakes .
i sent him home with a senior meeting .
and as expected as i was expected , i did not tell you about the patient &apos;s situation , and i didn &apos;t tell him about the patient &apos;s situation .
even though he knew the patient , he could make his assessment better .
i could have made it a good reason .
maybe i didn &apos;t want to control it .
maybe it was very successful , as i did , and i was doing the second mistake i did , even without giving him information to her patients .
he sent him home , and i didn &apos;t care about my voice , and i didn &apos;t care to say , &quot; goldman , it &apos;s not a good idea . &quot;
in fact , i &apos;ve got to have a sense of trust against myself , and i need to ask the nurse , &quot; you think , there &apos;s no excuse to go home , right ? &quot;
and the nurse thought , &quot; yes , i think they &apos;re going to do the situation . &quot;
i remember this as a surprise .
so i signed the kağıtlarını paper , and there was an ambulance , and it came to the emergency staff to take it home .
and i went back to my job .
in the rest of the day , after that afternoon , i experienced a feeling of emotion .
but i continued to work .
and at the end of the day , i was going to get the car to leave the hospital , and i walked home to go home , and i was basically not what i did .
i went through the emergency service for him .
and there was no other nurse &apos;s eye behind him , but he told me just three words , the three words that i knew were the immediate doctors of emergency doctors .
it &apos;s like what happens in other areas of medicine , but it has a different feature for medical medicine , because we can see patients with them .
those three words were all three : do you remember it ?
&quot; did you remember the patient you sent home ? &quot;
and he asked me directly .
he said , &quot; he came back . &quot;
he came back .
it came back .
when i sent him home , about a hour after she came home , he was a bayılmış and her family , and his family brought him back to the emergency room , which meant that it was serious .
and it was rarely breathing , and the color sounded .
and the emergency staff did their best .
they gave him drugs to raise blood pressure .
they put it in the filter .
and this time i was in my head and i was excited .
and i went into the &apos; 80s , because after being olduktan , i was sent to intensive care , and i was hoping to change everything .
and it turns out that two or three days later , he never had any more .
the recycled brain damage was developed .
and the family gathered .
and during the course of eight or nine days , they were desperate .
and then nine days later , the decision to end the process was a lady engineer , eş , mother and mother .
their names have never been forgotten .
and that &apos;s the first thing i &apos;ve ever met .
over the course of a couple of weeks , i have to blame myself , and the first time i &apos;ve been able to come to sleep with an emotional sense of shame that exists in the medical community , is not the normal shame that everybody feels , because you can &apos;t speak to the normal , because you can &apos;t speak about your feelings .
you know , you know , you have a secret to tell you that you &apos;re going to lose your best friend , and you get your best friend , and you get your best friend , and you can tell you that you &apos;re going to make that mistake .
and you can never make that mistake as a result of that .
this kind of embarrassment is a kind of a teacher .
and what i &apos;m talking about here is the unhealthy shame that makes you sick .
that &apos;s something that you &apos;re doing , not just what you &apos;re doing .
and that &apos;s what i felt .
and that wasn &apos;t just my appointment .
he talked with her family , and i &apos;m sure that he has stopped the problem , and it has prevented my case .
and i kept asking myself these questions .
why didn &apos;t i ask him ? why did i send him home ?
and then i had some of my bad moments : why did i make a joke ?
why did i choose medicine ?
it &apos;s been useful .
i started feeling a piece of myself .
and a day when the air was cloudy , it was a gök sky , and it started to look the sun , and i wondered , i felt better .
and i made a deal with myself , and if i do two stories to make myself perfect , and if i do another mistake , please stop the sounds .
and they stopped .
and i went back to my work .
and then it happened .
two years ago , i was in the emergency ward of a hospital near toronto , and i saw a 25-year-old man with pain pain .
there was density , and i was a little bit quick .
he was showing it .
i looked at the chest , a little bit of a pembeydi .
and i gave him a prescription for chemotherapy , and i sent him .
and he was still pointing at the crossing .
and two days later , i came to the next emergency patient , and my teacher said he wanted to talk to me a slow voice .
and he said three words : do you remember it ?
do you remember the boğazı that you &apos;ve seen ?
as a result , it was apparent that he had no antiviral .
however , there is a situation that has a vital risk called plato .
you can look at google , the infection , but it could lead to the closure of the upper respiratory path and the upper respiratory path .
and the chance of luck was died .
the antiangiogenic antibiotic was started , and it got it in a few days .
and i went back to the same embarrassment and the döneminden period , and i went back to my work , and i went back and over again .
in the same emergency period , i dropped two times .
it &apos;s somehow happening in a hospital where you see 14 patients .
i &apos;ve sent them to their homes and i don &apos;t think any risk occurs in them .
one of them was i thought of kidney .
i wanted the kidney x-ray . the result was that my friend , who looked at the patient , got a sensitivity in the lower right-hand section of the fetus and called surgeons .
and on the other hand there was a lot of blood .
i proposed some of the fluid , and i asked my friend to evaluate him .
and he did , and he was looking for tension in the lower right-hand section .
in both cases , they did their operations and patients were getting sick .
but every time they came to me , like they were eating me .
and i &apos;d like to tell you that my worst mistakes were in the first five years of philosophy , as many of my colleagues said .
some of them are in the last five years .
it &apos;s alone , and it &apos;s desteksiz .
the problem is : if i feel clean , and i &apos;m going to talk about my mistakes , how do i share them with colleagues if i don &apos;t really hear what it really is ?
how can i teach them to teach them what i do ?
now , i &apos;m going to go and talk about what you think about in the room .
and when was the last time talking to you about mistakes ?
yes , you &apos;re going to go to the party and you listen to another doctor &apos;s talk , but you &apos;ll hear one of your own mistakes .
if i went into a room full of my colleagues and asked you to go and ask them , they would probably be able to do two of the stories that they were not really uncomfortable with , and they would actually start to do two of them , and we talked about it .
and in fact , if i and my friends know that one of the nurses in the hospital , you know , that we &apos;re going to see the wrong leg , i &apos;ve been struggling to create a contact with that person .
so we have this system .
a system based on reddine reddine
there are two types of positions in this system that do mistakes and failure to do mistakes , sleep prevention , and those who do not have a very successful outcome .
and it &apos;s almost like an ideological reaction , something like the killing of the antibodies .
and it has a thought that if the mistake is going beyond the medicine , it will remain a safe system .
but there are two problems .
in the study of medical publishing and magazines , i &apos;ve done a personal work to learn everything about medical medicine and yanlışlarımla in the last 20 or 20th years in toronto , &quot; white dress , black art . &quot;
and what i &apos;ve learned is that mistakes are absolutely and everywhere .
we &apos;re in a system that there are errors every day , one of every 10 every 10 vaccine that is being made wrong or dozu , and the hospital is going to cause destruction and death every day .
in this country , as many as 100,000 americans die in preventable medical mistakes .
in the united states , medicine is in 100,000 .
in both cases , there are huge deficiencies because we do not do what we need to do in the face of the problem .
and here &apos;s an example .
sleep congestion is certainly increasing in the medical information system in both or three years .
we &apos;re not afraid of it .
we have a great story about our own perceptual biases , a patient with breast pain .
now , take the same patient with breast pain , make it dry and çenesi , and a little bit of alcohol , and a little bit of a sudden in the aşağlayıcı .
i got the same story .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i always do everything the same way .
and my patients are not the car ; they don &apos;t always get their symptoms the same way .
if you take all this into account , mistakes are not harmful .
take a system like me , and it &apos;s possible to make a mistake , and that &apos;s the likely health personnel that have never been left .
and you know about people who don &apos;t want to talk about their bad cases .
my show is &quot; white cowboy , black art , &quot; i &apos;ve made a habit to say , &quot; here &apos;s my worst yanlışım , &quot; i can tell everybody , &quot; hey , what &apos;s my worst mistake ? &quot; and i can tell them , &quot; what &apos;s the worst news ? &quot;
and they can grow their eyes , they can grow , they can go down and then look down and tell their stories , and they start telling their stories .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share .
they want to say , &quot; look , you &apos;re the mistake that i do . &quot;
they need an environment that they can tell them .
they need a sense of a bir medicine .
and this starts every time with a single doctor .
a insandır doctor knows it , he knows it , he accepts it , he &apos;s not proud of making it , but he &apos;s going to be able to get a lesson that &apos;s going to help someone else .
he shares his experiences with others .
it &apos;s when they talk about mistakes .
and it &apos;s not to make a wave of other people &apos;s mistakes , but it &apos;s full of love , very supportive .
and as a person who works in the medical culture , they also acknowledge that they are human beings , and they &apos;re going to make mistakes when they &apos;re working in the system .
the system is going to make it easier for people to be able to experience their experience , and to make sure that all of the mistakes that everybody else has done with the health care system , like the health care system , have to come up with these potential errors , and they &apos;re full of destekleyici , and they &apos;re going to be able to do it when they do it .
my name is brian goldman .
i &apos;m a tanımlanmış doctor .
i &apos;m a person . i make mistakes .
so i &apos;m sorry , but i &apos;m going to learn to learn something about teaching others .
i don &apos;t know what you &apos;re thinking about , but i can get it .
and let me give myself three words : i really remember it .
this day i &apos;m going to talk about a little idea .
it &apos;s about changing baseline level .
i &apos;m going to tell you three stories before i &apos;ll be able to get this idea in a minute .
and the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you know , it was there in 2004 .
you might think , you know , but it didn &apos;t .
it was actually fishing .
and he described it as &quot; widespread &quot; .
this was the bamboo ice .
it was very common to hunting the fish by 2050 .
now these fish are on the list of endangered species .
now we &apos;ve heard that story many times , the galapagos islands and other places .
but we still go to galapagos .
we think it &apos;s missing .
and it &apos;s been seen as bozulmamış and clean .
so what &apos;s going on there ?
the second story is that it &apos;s also a different concept , changing the bel .
i was there in 1968 , and i was doing the çalışması work in the west .
i was there because i was born in europe and i wanted to work in africa .
i thought , &quot; adapt . &quot;
i fell in a bad way , and i actually convinced i wasn &apos;t there .
this was my first shot .
this is sarılıydı , palm trees and a little bit of seaweed .
there were about 20 centimeters of tuna , salmon salmon from the species of türünden .
for these kinds of slavs , fishing has been maintained and good time has been spent , and ghana has won more .
and when i went there five years later , the fish went down half .
they were up to five meters .
they were genetically removed .
the fish were still there .
they were still happy .
the fish were also happy to be there .
there was nothing changing , but everything was changed .
my third story is that i am not a criminal partner who is trying to keep fish in southeast asia .
in the 1970s , in the early 1960s , europe made a lot of development projects .
in the fisheries , it meant that the countries that have a balıkçısı have been forced to make industrial fishing .
this is the name of prego four .
and i was on the sea with this boat , and south china was in the south of the sea , especially in the galapagos sea .
we did not describe the word words .
now , i understand what we &apos;re playing , we &apos;ve caught the bottom of the sea .
90 percent of them are the other creatures that are placed beneath the sponge and the sea .
most of the fish , obviously , there were little spots in the debris , there were corals .
the sea sank and then dumped back to the sea .
these pictures are extraordinary because the transitions are very fast .
you &apos;re doing research in a year and it starts commercial fishing .
the bottom of the sea has been thrown into mud , or soft rock .
this is a dead turtle .
they were gone back to the sea for their dead .
we once caught it alive .
it hasn &apos;t been exhausted yet .
they wanted to kill for food .
fishermen have been in places where they go to fishing , but they are not isolated .
we &apos;re changing our world , and we forget it .
we bring the ocean base to a new level , and we don &apos;t remember the old version .
if we do that , something like this happens .
well , let &apos;s suppose that there are good things in the y-axis axis : the culture , the killer whales , the water resources , the water supply .
it changes over time ; the reason for change is that people are what they do or natural conditions .
each generation takes pictures of the most conscious life , and it picks it up .
he sees the difference between what happens at that moment .
but before that , they don &apos;t see what happened .
there can be changes .
at the end , if you &apos;re looking at it , it &apos;s really poor .
that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing now .
it &apos;s already going to go on , or it &apos;s actually not as they were .
it may seem that they also affect prehistoric people , and they killed animals and they didn &apos;t realize they were doing this after a few generations .
because in a very large animal &apos;s extinction , the number of animals decreases .
so you don &apos;t lose a lot of animals .
you lose the numbers of animals .
so they don &apos;t seem to be a big loss .
over time , we focus on big animals , and that means the great fish .
they &apos;re going down , because they &apos;re eating them .
as a result of time , we &apos;re going to call it the base level .
the question is , why do people do that ?
because we don &apos;t know before that it &apos;s different .
in fact , many people say that this is actually very different .
they say that because earlier evidence can be offered as they want .
for example , i don &apos;t know the captain &apos;s saying that i &apos;ve had a lot of fish here before , because &quot; scientific &quot; is not controlled by scientists .
so the situation is that even though we are the toplumlar societies , we don &apos;t know the past because they don &apos;t believe the resources of the past .
so the areas of prevention play an important role .
because we &apos;re redefining the history of the protection zones .
we &apos;re redefining the history of people , because the base level is changing and it &apos;s very low .
this can be able to get people who can see protected areas , so they can actually adjust their level levels .
what if people don &apos;t have access to them ?
for them , art , movies and simulation can fill the gap .
this is a simulation of the gulf of nevada .
it was very recently , 500 years ago , there were gray whales on the gulf coast .
you notice that color and color look like the hulk .
if you think about chuck , when you think about it , why don &apos;t you get the story of the people that they &apos;re very impressed by -- and why are they so impressed by those images ?
because it reminded them of what they were missing .
so my suggestion is that i &apos;m going to have this one suggestion , james cameron &apos;s devil -- underwater underwater .
thank you very much .
in the 1980s , if you have a typewriter in eastern germany , we put it in the government .
so we &apos;ve got an example of a text written .
and that &apos;s what this government did to find the origin of the text .
when they found a paper that had a false thought , they would take the idea of this idea .
and we don &apos;t understand how someone can do that in the west , how much of the freedom of expression can be .
we never did that in our own country .
but today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser laser printer from any leading laser printer , and it &apos;s a page of a page , it &apos;s going to be yellow dots that show you that it &apos;s on the page and the yazıcınıza .
that &apos;s what happens to us today .
and nobody seems to be thinking about it .
and this is an example of our governments that show us one of the ways we use the technology to use our citizens .
and this is one of the three main sources of online problems today .
if we look at what &apos;s really happening in the online world , we can put the attacks on the base .
we have three main members .
there are online criminals .
like this is the ukraine , the ukrainian city of mister dmitry botsan-kharchenko .
and it &apos;s not very hard to understand the causes that bring online criminals to crime .
these guys earn money .
so many , really , they use online attacks to earn a lot of money .
in fact , people who earn money in online attacks have a lot of cases .
this is from estonia , vladimir tsastsin .
this is alfred gonzalez .
this is stephen watt .
this is johan larsson .
this is matthew anderson and the way that goes .
these guys earn their wealth online , but they do this in illegal ways , and they use things like banking viruses to steal money in the banking market , or buy a credit card online , or buy a credit card online .
the u.s. secret service , two months ago , two months ago , broke the swiss bank account in the indian bank account , and that bank account was $ 32m .
mr. divine -- nobody knows where it is .
and i bet that even today , a crime victim is likely to be a crime victim in the real world .
and clearly it &apos;s getting worse .
in the future , most crimes will be online .
the second big attack that we &apos;re seeing every day is not the money that leads to crime .
their reason is that they &apos;re going to protest the causes , the reasons , the reasons , the reasons .
groups like anonymous have grown up over the past 12 months and has taken a significant place between online attacks .
so these are three main assailants : criminals who make money for money , like anonymous hackers , but the last group , governments , governments , governments .
and we &apos;re looking at similar cases in the gene .
this is the best example of what the government is attacking its citizens .
he was a certificate of a certificate in the netherlands -- more precisely , it was .
they were bankrupt last fall because they were attacked .
one of them went into systems and completely infected .
and at a meeting last week , i asked representatives of the dutch government , and i asked the leaders of the team that they found that there was no attempt to find people killed because of the attack against him .
and he answered the answer .
how do people die as a result of a attack like this ?
he &apos;s a certificate of certificate .
they sell certificate .
what do you do with the certificate ?
if you have a website that has access to safe data , you need a certificate , you need a certificate .
now , we &apos;re all , or we &apos;re using a big , gmail , or one of our competitors , but these guys are particularly popular in authoritarian states like the email , and they know that the local government is using a lot of totaliter , which they &apos;re using .
but if they go to a foreign &apos; 80s , they go to a foreign &apos; 80s .
if they &apos;re forged , they can do it .
and that &apos;s what &apos;s happening in the diginotar case .
what about the arab spring and events , for example in egypt ?
in egypt , in april 2011 , the rebels destroyed the headquarters of egypt &apos;s secret police , and found several paper boxes .
among these papers , there was a file called &quot; fisher . &quot;
and there was a german company in this file , and it was a tool that was sold to the government of egypt for prevention -- and a large fraction of the country &apos;s citizens -- all the communication of the country .
they sold the instrument to the egyptian government for 80,000 euros .
the company &apos;s centers are right here .
so western governments provide these tools to the authoritarian states to use their own citizens .
but western governments do that too .
for example , in germany , a few weeks ago , the trojan horse called the so-called walter atı was a virus that was used by german government officials to study their own citizens .
if you &apos;re in a public case , we know that your phone will be switched .
but today , the situation goes beyond this .
they &apos;re going to follow the internet .
in fact , they will use the models called walter vjetrenica , which will be using the models for the computer , which will allow them to listen to all the communication , listen online conversations and take emails .
now , when we think about things like this , the obvious answer we need to get from people is that , &quot; okay , it sounds bad , but it doesn &apos;t affect me because it &apos;s a citizen who fits to law .
why worry ?
because i don &apos;t have anything to hide . &quot;
and this is a pointless proposition .
we &apos;re talking about privacy .
privacy is not open .
this is not the question of privacy .
this is freedom of freedom .
and right now , in 2011 we are able to gain trust from our governments , every rights that we can get forever .
and do we trust a government that we will have in a future government about 50 years later , and do we care about it ?
so we &apos;re worried about these questions over the next 50 years .
that sounds interesting , but i love concrete blocks .
the first concrete blocks were made in in 1967 . the idea was simple , with a constant ölçüyle of steel .
concrete blocks were the most used material material in the world .
they allowed us to do big things with buildings like bridges , bridges .
concrete blocks basically become the building blocks of our civilization .
almost a hundred years later , lego emerged with this .
they called it an automatic bağlama .
and at the end of the year , the lego columns found itself in every house .
according to estimates , 400 billion bricks have been made so far ; every person in the world is 75 bricks per capita .
you don &apos;t have to be an engineer to build beautiful houses , bridges , buildings .
legos made it accessible .
in principle of lego , the steel block , the structure of the world , took it into the structure of the earth , making it a building stone .
and this next year at bell labs , the next revolution was expected , the next structure .
the transistor , a small plastic unit , would bring us to a world that would take us from one of the static buildings that were put on each other .
the transistor block , like the concrete bloc , would allow you to make a lot of , very complex circuits .
the fundamental difference was that the transistor was only for experts .
i don &apos;t think our time is only for experts , so i decided to change this .
eight years ago , i started thinking about the power of engineers and designers at the media lab at the media lab .
i started to develop zipcar a few years ago .
let me show you how they work .
zipcar is the electronics autonomous modüller .
so they &apos;ve got the light , the sound , motor and the sensors .
and the most amazing properties are they can go to each other .
so you &apos;re wrong .
these blocks are mixed with color .
green is blue , blue , blue , orange and cable .
so you can make the only thing you have to do , and you can make a lot of bigger circuits .
you can make the blue light and make light .
you can put a button on them and put it a little bit .
you can use the button to turn the button into a coup and burn light here .
you can go back a little further and make a noise machine .
i &apos;m going to stop here .
in addition to this simple game , zipcar is really powerful .
it allows you to connect with the wires , the wires , the simple simple gestures that you can do with scratch .
it &apos;s just trying to turn this button in order to speed up and accelerate it , so it turns out faster or faster .
the idea behind zipcar is a growing library .
we want to make every interaction of every interaction in the world .
the light , the voices , the solar panels , the motors , everything should be accessible .
we &apos;re watching kids playing boxes with them .
it &apos;s an amazing experience .
the most beautiful thing is they start to understand electronics , not in school .
for example , they understand how a night lamp works , or how it &apos;s open to the door , or how to answer the ipod .
we also take zipcar to school schools .
for example , the designers that have nothing to do with electronics are starting playing with scratch .
here we see a glass from the skin and the paper .
we took zipcar a few weeks ago and gave some designers without engineering experience -- cardboard , wood and paper . we said , &quot; do something . &quot;
you see a project that they &apos;re doing here , the ball is the ball .
this is my favorite project .
it &apos;s a squirrel who fears the dark ink .
for those of those who aren &apos;t , zipcar has a different material .
we want everyone to get access to this material .
so zipcar is open source .
you can go to the web site and pick up the design files .
we want to educate the inventor , the creators , the creators , because this is the world that we live on .
so start to create .
thank you .
