do you know how many choices you do in a normal day ?
how many elections are you doing in a normal week ?
i did research with more than 2,000 americans over the last year , and the average number of americans is about 40 days normal .
there &apos;s another study that &apos;s recently done with ceo , who followed all the developments around the last week in the &apos; 60s .
and these scientists simply recorded all the tasks that they &apos;re doing in the late &apos; 80s , and they &apos;ve been involved in dealing with tasks .
in a week , the average ceo found that there were about 13 of operations .
each task , of course , was a very seçimlerden .
50 percent of the decisions were taken in less than 50 minutes or less .
only 12 per cent of the decisions were taken within a hour or more .
think about your own choice .
how many of you enter the category of the elections , or are you in the category of an hour ?
how do you find a job when you &apos;re doing these elections ?
today , i want to talk about one of the biggest problems in modern life , a lot of options .
i want to talk about these problems and possible solutions .
when i talk about the problem , i &apos;m going to ask you , and i want to know your answers .
so when i asked a question , you can put your hand on your hand , you can just take your hand .
or if i asked a question , i would ask you to ask you , i &apos;d like you to please .
the first question is : are you ready to talk about the problem of being too many options ?
thank you .
i went to a professor at stanford university , which was a very elite restaurant , at least at that time , it was a very luxury .
it &apos;s a store in the store .
it was like going to the store .
we had 250 different kinds of vegetables and more than 500 species of vegetables , and we had more than 25 bottle water from 25 to 25 , and we were sitting there at that time .
i was like to go to this store , and i once asked myself , how do i go without taking anything ?
this is the olive oil refinery .
there were more than 75 species of olive oil , which was sold in a kilitli box .
i decided to visit a store director a day , and i asked him , &quot; do you really work so much to offer people so many choices ? &quot;
he pointed out the cameras with their cameras every day with buses .
so we decided to do a little experiment , we chose the vaccine for this .
this is the kitchen .
it had a kind of reçelleri .
so for the store , we set up a little bit close to the store .
we &apos;ve put it in here -- we &apos;ve seen two different things , 24 different things -- and the first one is , where do people eat it , and what are they eat ?
there were 24 more people , and about 60 percent of them came out , and about 70 percent of them came out of beer .
the other thing we saw was , where do we buy more people in other cases ?
so we see exactly the effect .
with 24 percent of them , only 3 per cent of them bought chocolate .
it took 30 percent of you , 30 percent of you , and 30 percent of you had a kavanoz .
if you do it , it &apos;s not about 24 times -- it &apos;s got to buy a lot of people when it &apos;s bought it , and it &apos;s getting more than 40 times more .
it &apos;s probably the best choice to choose to choose whether we have a good choice , at least in our hands , but it &apos;s also affecting our decisions that have a lot of choices .
we choose to choose not to vote , even though this is our benefit .
so here &apos;s what we &apos;re going to do today .
i &apos;m going to tell you a study that we &apos;ve done with the emir kusturica and china . we &apos;ve been looking at the election of about 650 million americans in the united states , where he did the election .
in a pension program , we looked at the number of options , the more or less for people to pay for retirement or less .
what we found is that there &apos;s a relationship between them .
so the plan we put in is that we gave people between 450 and 59 different options .
we &apos;ve seen that there &apos;s less participation when the fund is given more options .
if you look at the most recent cases -- the option for the fund -- in planning plans , 70 percent of what we want is not as high as we want .
about 60 per cent of the funds , including the option , is down to the &apos; 60s .
it turns out that even if you decide to join , there are even more options , there are negative consequences .
in individuals who choose to participate , more options are more than the share of shares and the share funds are completely distant from capital funds .
more options are available and they take their money off and put them back on bank accounts .
none of us in these elections are recommended to improve the future financial situation of each of us .
over the past decade , we &apos;ve seen three main reasons to offer people more options .
people are planning to choose to choose their own interests , even if they go wrong .
they make worse choices , worse financial elections , medical elections .
even if they make better choices , they make choices less satisfied .
and the fundamental reason is that we can be able to watch the sirke , the sirke , the sirke , the standları , but we can &apos;t do it and we can &apos;t get them to compare them and do something impressive .
so what i want to propose to you today is that there are four simple ways of trying to do these in different technical forms of research that can be easily available in your own environment .
number one : reduction .
you &apos;ve heard this before , but never before , it &apos;s more meaningful than today . &quot;
and i say , &quot; well , people are always dying .
they worry about losing their volume .
but what we see actually is that when you prefer to reduce the reduction , you get rid of the options , you get rid of it , and the sales go up , and the elections are getting better .
&amp; amp &amp; amp ; it has been a 10 per cent increase in sales when it decided to sell 26 percent of the product .
at least 10 per cent of the golden sand , the better than a 10 per cent increase in the sale of the cat , and sales have increased .
today , a supermarket offers you about 25,000 products .
it &apos;s a typical wish of you today to present 1,000 products .
but today , the world has the world &apos;s largest retailer , and there &apos;s only a kind of 1400 product .
we &apos;ve seen one of the best examples when it comes to financial thinking about , at harvard university , where the options used in the programme are going to be best possible .
every working in harvard now goes automatically into a life fund .
there are 20 options for the election itself , not 300 or more .
you know , people say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to reduce it .
they &apos;re all very important options . &quot;
the first thing i do is to ask the employees , &quot; what is the difference of others ?
if your employees don &apos;t get them apart , they don &apos;t really do it . &quot;
and after the afternoon , we talked to this session , prior to the session .
he said to the audience that he wanted to send a gift to all the world &apos;s most beautiful vacation costs .
this is what the road is like .
i want you to read .
i &apos;m going to give you a few seconds after you read it , and if you like , you &apos;re going to accept the bill .
so who agrees ?
is it so much ?
okay , let me show you a little bit more .
you know it &apos;s a number , right ?
now , who wants to go to this tour ?
i think i &apos;ve heard more of this time .
okay .
now , in fact , you &apos;ve got more information than the first two , but the second one i think is more true to you .
because the images have felt it more like this .
and this brings me to a lot of choices , and it brings me to a lot of techniques , which i mean by using it .
people need to understand the results of every option to understand the results , and to see how the outcome is going to be alive .
why do people spend more than 30 per cent more than they use cash cards or credit card cards ?
because it doesn &apos;t mean real money .
it can actually be an effective way to encourage people to take more money .
so we &apos;ve done a working with the people with their people in the english process process , and they &apos;ve done a working plan for people at this session , and they &apos;ve done it for them .
we keep everything in this session , just add something .
so what we did was we asked people to think about , if they could save money , they could do well in their lives .
by doing this simple thing , we also increased participation by 20 percent , and participants were willing to invest more on their accounts .
third technical : separate categories .
instead of options , we can make better categories .
so here &apos;s a study that we &apos;ve done on magazine .
do you know the newspapers in the western part of the u.s.
it looks like a better choice for you and a magazine , if you put it in 10 or 20 categories , it &apos;s more than 400 pages and a magazine , rather than 400 magazine .
because they tell me how to separate them .
there are two different objects here .
the name of one is jazz , &quot; jazz , &quot; the other . &quot;
if you &apos;re standing on the left , the picture on the left is jazz , if you &apos;re standing .
well , a few .
if you &apos;re standing on the left , the jazz on the right , you &apos;re standing .
well , a little more .
you know right .
on the left , you know jazz on the right , but you know it &apos;s jazz .
this is a very unnecessary category .
it &apos;s not to say that you can choose options .
we see this problem on the long fund lists , often .
who are preparing to know ?
fourth : i &apos;m going to prepare my technique .
it turns out that we think more about it than we think , just take a little bit of it .
we have to focus on the challenge .
let me give you an example of why i &apos;m talking about .
take a very complex choice : take search .
here , a german company offers you a special opportunity to design your car .
by doing 60 different elections , you create your own car .
in each of these decisions , the number of options is different .
you have the color of the car , you have 56 options .
motor , four options .
now i &apos;m going to do that i &apos;m going to change the end of these decisions .
half of the customers will choose one of the four of the four to four of them after the color .
the other half of the customers will go to 56 options , at least four options , four to four options .
what am i looking at ?
it &apos;s about how much you are .
if you &apos;ve got the option to go and say , you know , you &apos;re losing you .
what you find is that when you have very few options , people are going to choose the right choice , and they &apos;re sitting right now .
we lose them .
less than a few options go to the right option , they don &apos;t get involved .
same information , same number of options .
the only thing i &apos;m doing is change the end of the information .
you know , when you start to make a decision easy .
he doesn &apos;t tell me how i want to choose the car , but he &apos;s preparing me to choose the car design .
and i &apos;m excited about this big product that i &apos;ve created , and i &apos;m willing to do it for the absence of my interest .
let me tell you .
i talked about four techniques to address the problem of solving a lot of options , which i talked about -- let &apos;s try to reduce the gereksiz options -- to get out of the real world -- and make it easier for the categories .
all these techniques that i describe today were designed for you to be the top of these techniques -- better use for you , you can use your clients , and also better for your clients .
because i think we have to choose to choose the best outcome of the vote .
we can be more successful when we choose in the art of choice .
thank you very much .
hi , hi , i &apos;m watching youtube and youtube videos as a professional trend .
this is right .
today we &apos;re going to talk a little bit about how the videos are spread , and why this is important .
we would all want to be the famous star , the famous singer , and i was -- and i was very , very , very , very difficult to do it .
but the internet has made it so that any one of us or any of us can be literally the famous part of our creative culture in the world .
until next saturday , one of you may be famous on the internet .
but every minute , youtube has more than 48 hours of videos .
and it &apos;s spread from just a very small percentage of them , and it becomes a cultural moment .
so how does this happen ?
thanks to three things : the trends , the trends , the participation and the expected .
all right , let &apos;s start .
oh , oh my god , my god , my god .
oh my god !
promises !
oh !
last year , he sent this video , except for his home in the national park of los angeles .
in 2010 , 23 million times .
this is a picture of how it looks like when it first became popular .
but he didn &apos;t actually do the video to spread this video .
he just wanted to share a sky .
because you know , when you &apos;re at the hill , that &apos;s what you do .
and he actually sent a lot of nature video .
and this video actually happened in january ?
and he actually happened .
and he ended up making the video so popular that he could be so popular .
because the trend is that we &apos;re talking about , like king ted , and they &apos;re interested in new kinds of interesting things , and they &apos;re bringing them to a wider audience .
today , we need to take action friday . we have to look at this friday morning , and we &apos;re going to move forward to the weekend , and i hope we &apos;re going to talk about this video before friday .
his song &quot; friday &quot; is one of the most popular videos of the year .
this year almost 200 million times .
this is a picture of how it looks like .
as in the &quot; double &quot; video , it seems like it seems like a sudden .
so what happened that day ?
that was the day , that was right .
and if you &apos;re wondering about these surfaces , they &apos;re on friday .
what about that day that video was spread on friday ?
he took him , and a lot of blog began to talk about it .
michael nelson mandela was one of the first people in twitter this video .
but what &apos;s important is , they set up a process of determining whether individual or group , in a group of trends , and then shared a wider audience .
and so there was a community of people who shared the great deal with each other , and they started talking about it and doing something about it .
and right now , youtube has about 2,000 movies on friday .
even in the first seven days of the week , there was a parodi for other days .
unlike in the 20th century , this whole event shows how we are part of this phenomenon , or how we &apos;re part of this phenomenon -- it &apos;s something new .
it &apos;s a whole series of animated music , which is a single , tek music .
this is exactly what it looks like .
this year almost 50 million times .
and if you think this is strange , you know , there are three million hours of version of this .
even sharks were watching this video .
and he was watching this video , and he was watching other sharks .
but what &apos;s important here is this machine , which is the source of creativity , which is inspired by computer culture .
there was music .
he did his version of the old time .
and then it became international .
it &apos;s a huge community that makes it a really stupid thing that can be part of it that we can actually become part of it .
because we &apos;re not only doing it , but we &apos;re also participating .
and who could guess this ?
who would have predicted &quot; double &quot; or could it be a &quot; , &quot; or &quot; the girl , &quot; or the bridge ?
what scenario would you write about ?
every two minutes of the video last day , in a world where the video was taken , it could actually take a really unique and unexpected thing to do .
when a friend of mine in new york city protest the death sentences , i should watch a great man &apos;s video , and i have not been very interested .
there &apos;s a ticket to keep the bicycle , but often there are obstacles that are not being kept on the road to bicycle .
he was completely funny and funny , and he watched the idea funny and funny and seven million times .
and this new approach , in a creative way , is true for everything we do .
and this brings us to a big question .
what does that mean ?
okay .
what does that mean ?
the trend is that creative communities can be fully integrated into creative communities , where everyone can reach , the new form of media , and this kind of features of popularity and culture .
i mean , as i mentioned earlier , he made the exit of youtube , which is one of the world &apos;s largest starlarından .
no one has to put green light on it .
and we &apos;re all feeling a little bit of a sense in our own pop culture .
and these are not the features of the old media , but they &apos;re not valid for today &apos;s media , but they &apos;re not going to define the sense of the future .
thank you .
how do i tell you a little girl who lives in san francisco for about 30 years , and her little girl who lives in her little life , and her mother , who lives in her little life , and she &apos;s going to talk to you today , and she &apos;s a little girl in her life .
this is not a story .
it &apos;s still made of a yapboz .
i &apos;ll tell you a few of these pieces .
imagine the first piece : a guy &apos;s going to destroy his life &apos;s work .
he &apos;s a poet , a poet , a umuduyla guy in hopes of his country &apos;s life and freedom .
imagine him as a communist leader who went to vietnam , when his life was completely lost .
the words have been for a long time , the friend of whom he was standing with him .
it was buried in silence .
he died because of history &apos;s assassination .
he &apos;s my grandfather .
i had no chance to know him .
but our lives are much more than our lives .
my grandmother never allowed to forget her life .
my mission was not allowed to do it , and the lesson was to do that , yes , history tried to destroy us , but we didn &apos;t have the breast .
the other part of the yapbozun is the time it &apos;s in the sea , and it &apos;s a ship that &apos;s swimming away .
my mother , my mother , was 18 years old when her father died , and she had already married two girls to the world .
for him , life was a single escape : the escape of his family and a new life in australia .
it was something to do to get rid of it .
after four years of fears , a ship named a efsaneden boat opened on the sea .
adults were aware of all risks .
the largest fear is fear , rape and death .
like a lot of adults on the ship , my mother took a little bottle of toxic .
and before he was caught , my brother and then i was a grandmother , and he was a grandmother .
the first time i spent my life on the ship -- the -- speed of the engine , every wave that i &apos;ve spent on , the uçsuz .
i don &apos;t remember many times that the men were attacked , but i don &apos;t remember that the korsanları of the ship , or the engine of the engine , which was burned for six hours .
i remember the young man who died on the gulf of malaysia , and the young man who died on the sea , and i remember that journey ended for him , and the first men in the building .
it was like the taste of the elmanın .
after three months of refugee camp three months , we went up in melbourne .
and the other part of the italy is about the creation of a new woman with four generations .
we moved from a banliyösüydü , a banliyösüydü worker .
unlike the middle class , i know about it , there was nothing to be a right to be owned by the middle east bank .
the shops spread from the door were coming back from the rest of the world .
and the only common words in english were the exchange between people who were told to start living and start again .
my mother worked in the farm , and then six days later , the çift car line .
in a way , he found english in english , and he won the knowledge technologies .
we were poor .
all the dollars were earmarked aside , and in addition to all the things that were missing , in addition to the science class , they were usually used to wear a new hand , which was always the second .
it &apos;s the two pair of guys that try to hide the holes in the school to hide each other .
it &apos;s a school that goes up to the bones , because it &apos;s not designed for six years .
and even though they were very rare , they had &quot; &quot; , &quot; and there was a wall , &quot; go home . &quot;
where is it home ?
there was something that was going on .
there was a decision , and a sound was like , &quot; i &apos;m going to ignore you . &quot;
my sister , my sister , and i sat in the same bed .
my mother would be very tired every night , but she would tell us how she was going to live in the house , when she was sitting in the house , and she was listening to each other .
my mother saw the night about the ship .
and when my job started to see that , my job was to have a feeling of sleep .
he opened a computer shop , then he got training for beauty , and he built another .
and she also brought her stories of women , and her stories of the problems between men and the two remaining children in the troubled world .
the aid and funds were sought .
the centres were established .
i lived in parallel worlds .
in one of the other , i was a classic student in the expectations of the pacific .
in the other end , i went to the network of tragic lives of drugs , drugs , drugs and death .
but for years , most of them have been helped .
and because of this work , i was elected as a young australia in the last year of the year .
and it was launched from one part of the piece of a broken piece , and it didn &apos;t fit apart .
he was now a member of the anonymous refugees and social activist who had no longer been invited to talk to the houses before , where he would not be invited to speak before , and could even be invited to the houses .
i didn &apos;t know the protocol .
i didn &apos;t know how to use the gun .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about wine .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
i wanted to go back to an unknown life , and i &apos;d like to go back to the bed and tell you about how my parents had passed away for the same period of 20 years , and she still lives in a mother , and her mother , and her mother , and her mother , and her mother , who &apos;s two years old .
i told my mother that i couldn &apos;t do that .
and he reminded me that i was the same age as i was at the time of the ship .
&quot; no , &quot; never had a choice .
he said , &quot; do just do it , and because it &apos;s somebody else . &quot;
so i &apos;ve expressed the fact that young people have lost their right to education and education and their rights .
and i was asked to talk a lot more than i was talking about .
i met people from every part of the community , who had a lot of their loved work , and they had a full chance of their life .
and i realized i didn &apos;t want a career in the field of law , but i didn &apos;t want a career .
it was supposed to be another piece of a italy .
and i also realized that being a foreign , being new , being a great gift to being on the stage is not just good , but also a gift coming from the ship , but also from a ship .
because one can mean to be easy to get from the inside , it can mean that you can easily accept the possibilities of expertise in your field .
i came out of the safe area to know , yes , the world is divided apart , but you &apos;re not afraid .
the possibilities are not allowed to be given .
there was a power station , there was an awful lot of optimism , and there was a kind of weird kind of gözüpekliğin of executive .
and i followed my internal past .
i created a small number of small teams that have been formed to make the promise of &quot; successful &quot; .
for a year , we won &apos;t have any money .
at the end of every day , i would make a çorba of all of us share .
we &apos;re working at night until late .
most of our ideas were crazy , but a little bit of it was pretty big , and we did it .
from one trip to the united states , transfer to the united states .
i got the decision .
again , i heard my self .
i was moved three months later , and the adventure continued .
let me tell you my grandmother before i finish .
it was also growing when the social norms and the human being important .
life has not changed for centuries .
his father died shortly after he was born .
her mother took her alone .
he was the second wife of a chinese woman in 17 years old , and his mother used violence .
because she did not support her from her husband , she gave her to court , and she created a big deal , arguing that she could not see her own trial , and she won a crime .
&quot; it was the wrong word &quot; .
and when it &apos;s about 600 miles away , i was in a hotel room in sydney when i was living in a hotel .
and i saw him standing on the other side , and i saw him .
i knew he came to farewell .
minutes later my mother called me .
and a few days later , we went to the temple of mt , where we sat down and we sat around it .
we told stories and we wanted him to be sure he was still with us .
half the night he came and said he should close the grave .
my mother wanted to keep her hand .
he asked , &quot; why is it so hot enough to get the rest back ? &quot;
he said , &quot; because you &apos;ve been holding it all day . &quot;
&quot; don &apos;t let it go . &quot;
if there &apos;s energy in our family , it &apos;s transition between women and women .
to know who we are and how we are , we can now see men who are in our lives that might have gone through us .
very easy , very easy .
i want my children to be my own children , and i think about the ship .
who wants this thing to children ?
nevertheless , i am afraid of free from respect , from freedom .
can i find a ufku in every wave in their lives in their lives , and can i guarantee a wide range of things that don &apos;t change the engine and guarantee nothing ?
i don &apos;t know .
but i was able to do it again and make sure they will be safe .
and also , the mother of dan is now in fourth place or fourth .
i &apos;m here to share photography .
so is this photography ?
because , of course , this photograph is not a photograph you can get around the machine .
and yet , when i was 15 years old , i got my first camera machine .
i had the passion with my passion , but it was a little bit different because the camera was planning .
and when you take a photo machine , when you get a camera , the process ends .
for me , photography was more than being right in the right place .
i thought everybody could do this .
so i wanted to create something different when you put it on your hand , something that the process started .
photos like this : the work of a busy road is going on .
but he has a unexpected game .
and despite that , there &apos;s a reality .
or photos like this are both dark and dark , but the purpose of the capture is to capture the level of reality .
and i mean , i mean , i mean realistic art .
because , of course , it &apos;s not really a thing you can find , but i want it to look like it &apos;s always taken with a photo machine .
you need to think of images that require a short time to solve the face .
so this is really about a moment to capture a moment .
so what does it make it look real ?
is it something about color or color ?
is it about light ?
what does that create the illusion ?
sometimes it creates the illusion that create the perspective .
but at the end , everything is about how we &apos;re seeing the world , and how it can be carried out on the three-dimensional surface .
this is not really what reality is , but what we think it looks realistic .
so i think it &apos;s pretty simple .
so i do this and i take the parts of reality , and i see it as a way of creating reality to create another reality .
let me show you a simple example .
we have three perfect physical objects here that we can imagine , all of us in a three-dimensional world of life .
but in a certain way , they can still create something that looks like a three-dimensional , sort of like this .
but we also know it can &apos;t be .
so we think of our brains , because our brain actually doesn &apos;t accept the fact that our brain does not express meaning .
and i see the same images , and i see the process together .
this is actually about connecting different reality .
so , i think there &apos;s something that shows a realistic picture , and i think we don &apos;t think about things that we don &apos;t think about our lives around us .
but the photos are really important to think , because otherwise it looks wrong .
what i want to say is that there are three simple rules that need to follow a realistic outcome .
you see , these pictures don &apos;t have special pictures .
but they &apos;re integrated into something like this .
so the first rule is that photos should be the same .
secondly , photos must have the same kind of light .
and in this picture , there are two conditions in this picture , and they were taken from two feet of the same space .
and the third is , it &apos;s not going to be available , but it &apos;s impossible to make sure that different pictures start to see where different pictures start .
it &apos;s impossible to understand that the image is in the united nations .
we make the image between different images , the color and the color of the color of the picture , and we add the depth of the field to the surface , and we can actually see that there are hundreds of different images , despite a single layer between the surface and a single layer of a single layer .
here &apos;s another example .
people might think this is a picture of a picture and the lower part of the land is the lower side .
but in fact , this picture was completely created by the unification of different places .
i think it &apos;s a place to create a place , and it &apos;s easier to find a place , because you don &apos;t have to give up ideas in your mind .
but it requires a lot of planning .
and when i thought about that idea in the winter , i knew it was a couple of months to set up different places to plan and design basic parts of it .
for example , the fish went to the official fish .
the beach is different than the beach .
six of them were taken in a stone mine .
and yeah , at the top of the island , i even turned it into red for the swedish house to look like it .
so to get a realistic result , i think , through planning .
it always starts with a draft idea .
then they come together to connect different photos .
and each piece of a piece was very well planned .
and if you take a good job while you take photos , it &apos;s pretty good , and it can be quite realistic .
so we have all the tools that we need , and the only thing that limit us is imagination .
thank you .
i want to talk to you about why many of the health projects have failed .
and i think we &apos;re really the most important part of listening to patients .
and one of the things we did at the university of nail was to appoint a listening official .
it &apos;s not a very scientific way ; it &apos;s a little bit of coffee or coffee , and he asked the families , &quot; how do you go to the families ? &quot;
how can we help you ? &quot;
and so we want to think like this , this is not all -- maybe it &apos;s not -- but it &apos;s one of the big problems that we &apos;ve been listening to , most of the health projects that have failed .
this is my interface . it &apos;s very simple .
there &apos;s one button , open / closed .
and every morning , i go on .
and yes , i have a goal , as you can see .
and my goal is to be 95 pounds .
but it &apos;s so easy to do that , when i go over , it &apos;s going to google , and it &apos;s getting my data .
and he &apos;s taking this data , so he sees what &apos;s in terms of weight , and he &apos;s looking at the same thing that i need , but i don &apos;t need anything similar to the past , but he &apos;s looking at the past .
but there &apos;s something else .
as some of you know , there are more than 4,000 supporters in twitter .
every morning , i go back to the car , and they start talking to me , and people are starting to talk to me , &quot; i think , you need a little lunch today . &quot;
but this is the most thin behavior that could be , because this friend could help patients in the old days -- that could be used to stop smoking for those patients .
but on the other hand , it can be used to make people work together to control over their seats and to get more control over their health .
starting next week , it will be ready for use .
it depends on iphone or something like this , and it &apos;s going to be small .
and people , who can be able to measure their own consumption from their homes , can access to their doctors , and then they can share a hundred dollars on a price .
and at this point , the patients will not only be able to get their control , but they will not have their own captain , but they will help us in health care , health insurance , health insurance and health insurance .
you start with it to develop easy techniques and develop patients in the team .
and you can do it with these kinds of techniques , but you can do it with mass destruction .
i want to share with you one of the things we did with you a short video .
we all have surveillance in the car .
we have mobile phones maybe .
we know all the places that are located in the schengen area are pretty good .
another thing we know is where gas stations are .
and of course , we can find fast food restaurants .
but where can the most close to this patient help the patient ?
we asked people , but nobody knew .
he didn &apos;t know where the most recently needed life is to be found , no one knew where he was born .
so we did the whole dutch , the mass .
we set up a website and we wanted to say , &quot; well , if you see it , please tell where it is , why it &apos;s open , because sometimes it can be closed at work hours . &quot;
more than 10,000 people in the netherlands have already been sent to the un .
the next step was to find the practices that we were taking .
we did a iphone application .
we &apos;ve done an application for an increased reality , which is to find the ones that have them .
if you &apos;re a part of the union , and one of you can use your iphone , and if you can use your iphone in a couple of weeks , you can find the most close to your cell phone that can save your life .
starting from today , we want to introduce this to you , not only as a result , but also the product , and it &apos;s called 100 .
we want to start this worldwide .
we want our colleagues around the world to help us in the name of a centre , like the centre , to work on all of these universities around the world , to find out mass graves .
when you spend time , and you can have one of your own friends , or you can only find it in front of you .
the other thing we want is that these companies that can help us confirm them on the part of the world .
there may be people who do the mobile services or the cable , just to see if there &apos;s a place sent , it &apos;s not possible to see if it &apos;s still there .
please help us about this , and not just to do better health , but to win control .
thank you .
i &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries today .
i work in the solar technology industry .
and the little point is to find ways to get ourselves into the environment , and find it .
and this is to take into account the source of mass .
this is a short video of what we do .
wait for a minute .
it can take a little bit of time .
in fact , we can actually get the video -- i &apos;m going to get the video , instead of it .
no .
but this is ...
okay .
solar technology ...
oh , my time ended up ?
all right . thank you very much .
a few years ago , i started a program in state institutions , which would allow people to design and design technologies for almost a year , to be represented in almost anything that is expected to do everything .
this program is called the united states , and it &apos;s kind of like a little bit of technology for peace .
we each year , each of them , and we make them work together with the municipalities .
we &apos;re sending them into the third world , and we &apos;re sending them into the city &apos;s bodies .
and they create wonderful practices with municipal employees .
but what they actually do is they show what &apos;s possible with technology today .
he &apos;s with al gore .
take a fire in boston city .
it looks like al gore here , but actually he &apos;s looking for him , he &apos;s going to clean it out of it , because al gore knows that he doesn &apos;t have any impact in the fight against the rain .
now how did al gore come to this unique search point ?
we had a team that worked for the program in boston last year .
they were in february , and they were very snow last february .
and they realized that the municipality has never put these fires out of them .
but there was , especially a friend of mine , and one of the other things , which is , because they were watching the fires in front of the citizens .
so he did a good computer program , he wrote a practice .
so this is a little kid you can see , a sevimli practice .
so when you get this snow , you have accepted that you &apos;re going to go out of this ice .
if you do that , you get the right to put it , and so it &apos;s the first fire that &apos;s called the fire .
if you do it , somebody can play it .
there &apos;s little game dynamics within this practice .
this is a modest practice .
this is probably the smallest thing that friends wrote last year is 21 .
but this practice does something that no institutional technology can do .
it &apos;s spread across the internet .
in this part of the university of hawaii , one works in the it business community is seeing it , and it &apos;s not because it &apos;s a tsunami , but it &apos;s the fact that the residents of the city can use their child to adopt the tsunami .
this is very important for the tsunami workers , but people are playing their fire .
so this is the city that has provided friends to control them .
and then he decided to use this practice , and to ensure that the city &apos;s residents can clean up the roads .
the chicago has yet to implement this practice , so that residents are not registered to clean up the snow .
we know nine more cities planning to use this .
without such an application , it has spread through natural and organic .
if you know anything about the technologies of institutions , normally you know what things are not doing .
it usually takes a few years to supply software .
last year , a team of our team in boston worked on a project that took about three months of work .
it was a way to help the parents of the state school to decide which children are appropriate for their children .
and then we told us that this project would cost us at least two and two million dollars a year , if we were at the time .
and that &apos;s nothing .
there is currently a project related to the california court systems , which has cost up to $ 5m and worked .
and there are projects like this , all over the top of state institutions .
for that reason , it &apos;s like a kind of warning that a few days are being written on the internet , which is spread through the tradition of these institutions .
it &apos;s not like private companies , as they think of how the institutions can work better than a lot of people .
it &apos;s not like the technology company , but it &apos;s more like the internet itself .
it means that you can &apos;t have to be able to run out of this office , which means that it &apos;s productive .
and it &apos;s very important .
this is also more important about the implementation of the generation , which shows how the new institutions take their problems -- not the institutional problem of tradition , but the common purpose of the tradition .
this is a very good news because we &apos;re very good news , and we &apos;re very good at being shared with digital technology .
now a large group of people are developing the necessary tools to work together to work together .
not just for friends of america , but for hundreds of people from all over the country , they write urban practices for their own communities .
they don &apos;t know their hopes from their institutions .
and of course they &apos;re disappointed , but they don &apos;t complain , they &apos;re doing it .
and these friends know something that we &apos;ve taken away from .
and that is , of course , when we think about all the other things that are going from politics , from the institutions of politics , and indeed , we &apos;re not going to be able to do something we can &apos;t do with tim &apos;s words , &quot; he said .
many people cut off the hope from institutions .
if you &apos;re one of those people , i want you to think of you , because something changes .
political institutions change .
the institutions are actually taking their forces out of us -- remember , &quot; how do people think about change ? &quot;
i didn &apos;t know a lot of things when i started this program .
and i thought , like a lot of people , the institutions are fundamentally relevant to the authorities .
and then two years later , i reached the conclusion , particularly the local governments about the mammals .
this is an information and a call centre .
this is a place where you find the number of the services you get in your city .
if you have any chance of working in the center of your city , the team has done -- in fact , from our team -- as part of the program we &apos;re doing -- has done a whole range of problems that people can actually find themselves in their homes .
scott &apos;s call for answers .
the official information base is called &quot; sıçan &quot; .
it doesn &apos;t find a lot . it starts with animal control .
and at the end of that , he says , &quot; look , can you go out and try and do you know if you &apos;re going to open up your house and open all of your house and play a lot of music . &quot;
and it worked . it worked for scott .
but this is not the end of the monkeys .
it &apos;s not just a call center in boston .
we have a practice , a web and a mobile application , called the citizens &apos; name &quot; .
we didn &apos;t write this practice .
the new york city centre for urban dynamics is a very smart work of people .
one day -- this is a real report -- this is a report : &quot; i don &apos;t know if i &apos;m dead in the mammals .
how can i get it from here ? &quot;
what &apos;s going on with the introduction of citizens is a little different .
scott was talking directly to the person .
but everything is open to the public , so everyone can see it .
and in this case , a neighbouring one saw this .
and the next report was saying , &quot; i walked out of this place , and i walked behind the house .
how about the monkeys ? control . yes .
i &apos;ve taken side of the garbage collection , and i walked back home .
good night we &apos;re good living in the chicken . &quot;
it &apos;s pretty simple .
this is great . this is the meeting of digital life .
and also , it &apos;s a beautiful example of the beginning of the institutions to start paying public affairs to the public .
it &apos;s also a beautiful example of getting institutions to become a platform .
i don &apos;t mean by using technological platform here .
i &apos;m talking about a platform for people to help them and others .
one citizen helped another citizen , and institutions played a key role here .
he brought these two people together .
if they had the needs of institutional services , they could bring together with institutional services , but according to the neighbouring authorities , it would be better and cheaper .
when we help each other , we are strengthening our society .
the animal control unit , and it costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things we need to think about institutions is that politics is not the same .
a lot of people understand this , but you see somebody as the other .
the institutions that we have entered the system are also very good .
how many times we have chosen a political leader -- and sometimes we spend a lot of time trying to choose our energy instead of a whole new political leader , and then we have to sit down and look at our values , and we certainly expect our institutions to reflect our values , our values , our values ?
this is why institutions are like a huge ocean , and politics is like the top 20 .
and under this surface , we call this bureaucracy .
we &apos;re telling a word of hate .
and it turns out that we have hate , which is what we pay us to do , is turn it into something that works against us , and then we take ourselves from it .
people think politics is interesting .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make it attractive .
because it &apos;s where the actual work of state institutions is done .
we need to connect the mechanisms of state institutions .
and that &apos;s what he &apos;s doing .
did you see these friends ?
a group of citizens have written a very detailed report on 25 pages , which was a response to the request of the financial reform bill .
it &apos;s not active to be politically active , but it &apos;s active .
now , it &apos;s time for us to ask ourselves about the world that we want to leave our children with our children .
we need to see that big challenges they face .
do we really believe that we have to get to that point that we have to get to that point ?
we can &apos;t do institutions without institutions , but we need more effective institutions .
the good news is that the state institutions are able to do it in a way that will basically strengthen the functions of state institutions and make the civil society an opportunity to restore their functions .
there &apos;s a generation that &apos;s grown outside , and they know that it &apos;s not so hard to do something with them , but they know that it &apos;s not just the right systems .
the average age of our friends is 28 years old , and i &apos;m an age of 28 , almost a generation of them .
this new generation has a lot of concession to get their own voice .
they &apos;re not going to talk about who we &apos;re going to talk about who &apos;s going to talk about who we &apos;re talking about .
they can always explain their thoughts , and they do it .
so the state institutions don &apos;t really care about the problem when they face , when they meet their voices .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write practices to ensure better work of state institutions .
and these practices give us the opportunity to use our hands better .
this is a fire that could be a side side to clean up the trees , clean up the sıçan box .
well , of course , we can be carrying out of that fire since then , a lot of people do .
but these practices are not just consumers , as we are consumers , and they are the digital consumers that are not paying taxes and services .
more than that , we are citizens .
and before we fix the concept of citizenship , the state institutions will not fix .
so the question for everybody here is that we have to do all the time together , and when it comes to big things , we &apos;re going to be just going to be able to be the crowd , or we &apos;re going to be able to be the ones ?
thank you .
i usually think i &apos;m going to tell people how wonderful new technologies are , and i &apos;m going to tell you what i think my friends are here , and i &apos;m going to tell you how hard it &apos;s going to be , and it &apos;s just as easy as i &apos;m going to tell you .
if you open the slide on it , then ...
this is a slide that i chose from a random book .
i want to show you the way the slide is , rather than the details of the slide .
this is a slide from some of the networks that we &apos;ve done about the power of the local networks that we &apos;ve done in response to the computing force .
what &apos;s interesting about this slide is that it &apos;s a sort of straight line on the curve , where we have a lot of technology that we &apos;re in a lot of technology , like a half of the curve .
in other words , every step here shows a kertesini of scale .
and what we &apos;re talking about is this new thing that we &apos;re talking about in half the curve of technology .
it &apos;s really strange things here .
and that &apos;s basically what i &apos;m going to talk about .
if you can see the lights .
we can open some lights , because i &apos;m going to use a piece of paper here .
now , why do we cover the mathematical curve of technology ?
the answer is , let &apos;s say , if i put this on a normal curve , which is a sort of a kind of a kind of graph that i &apos;ve been working on , and this is a little bit more than a graph i &apos;m trying to figure out what &apos;s going on .
it goes like this .
and they tell us a lot of things .
so let &apos;s say , for example , a different kind of way of , that it looks like a straight line on the grafiğini of transportation technology , which looks like a straight line .
but when something like this is happening , these are essentially changing .
so , if we &apos;re going to fly through the mikro technology of transportation , i could be in tokyo for 30 seconds , and 30 seconds , i could be able to drive .
but it &apos;s not going on .
this is not what you have seen in the history of technological development every few years in history .
now , what i want to ask is , if you look at these approaches , they don &apos;t continue forever .
maybe they &apos;re not going to keep changing as fast as they are .
two things are going to happen .
it &apos;s going to be completely different than to come out of it or turn it into a classic classic pattern .
that &apos;s what they can happen .
as an optimistic , i think that &apos;s probably going to happen .
so if that &apos;s the case , it shows that we are right now in the middle of what we are .
it means that the transition of a new line in the world is now under way .
so what i &apos;m trying to ask myself is what this new shape of the world that i &apos;m standing on .
what is the new situation in the world ?
because in the middle of the change , but it looks very complicated .
when i was a growing child , it was like the year 2000 , and they were talking about what happened in 2000 .
so here &apos;s a conference that people talk about the future , and as you &apos;re talking about , it &apos;s going to be in the next 2,000 years .
that &apos;s the distance that we &apos;re going to go almost the most .
so it &apos;s like a whole life , for the whole life , it &apos;s getting smaller every year for the next year .
i think the reason is because we all feel there is something there .
this transition is happening . we all feel that .
and we know that 30 years to design , we don &apos;t have more than 50 years to make sense , because it &apos;s so different than everything we &apos;ve done , which is a simple definition of selection .
so what i want to talk about is what this change can happen in the past .
i &apos;m going to have to talk about a couple of things that don &apos;t have to do with technology or computers .
and i think the only way we can understand this is to look at it from a long scale , and look at everything .
i want to look at this from the scale of life on earth .
i think when you look at this in a few billion years , the picture begins to gain meaning from time .
if you go back to two and a half billion years , it was part of a huge rock , which is a lot of chemicals around the world .
so if we look at how these chemicals are organized , we start to have a lot of ideas about how they do this .
but i think there are some theories that begin to understand how this is about dna , but i &apos;m going to tell you a simple story about it , and i &apos;ll tell you a little bit about the chemicals that are all around them .
and some of them had a special chemical combination that allows the fat to grow up from outside , and make them grow .
and so what happened was that the ones were going to leave .
this is the most primitive form of cells , in a sense , of a little fat fat .
and they weren &apos;t really alive today , and they &apos;re not really alive , because each one of them is chemical formula .
and each of them happens when they split into an equal division of chemicals in their own .
so it was a little different .
in fact , the chemicals that are going to be better involved in them , and they &apos;re going to grow up and grow more chemical than they can grow .
these become more genes that live longer than they live .
now this is a very simple form of life , but when you &apos;re learning about these molecules , they &apos;re beginning to be able to do something about abstract .
they learned a lot of information that we don &apos;t understand in many ways .
they learned about a specific kind of chemical that &apos;s called the dna information of the cell .
in other words , they discovered a pattern that allows them to record what they &apos;re doing on a evolutionary path , in a way that allows them to record what they &apos;re doing .
what &apos;s surprising is that this shape has been changed since the evolution of two and a half billion years ago .
in fact , our genes are exactly the same as our genes , the same code .
in fact , all live beings are written with the same code and code .
in fact , one of the things i do is just fun with -- we can write something with this code .
so here , i have 100 white holes in the airport where i &apos;m trying to show security tasks .
there &apos;s a standard code that we use to represent it in the code , which i did , which is a code that i wrote on the code of the code , and i took 10 times a piece of dna .
if you have 100 million copies of the card , everybody in this room has a lot of stuff for everybody in this room . and here &apos;s everybody in the world .
if i was a really crazy person , i could put it into a virus and spread it into the room .
so what was next step ?
it &apos;s an interesting step to record dna .
and that &apos;s where these cells are happier for a few billion years .
but then , there was a very interesting step in which everything is completely different , so that they started to create cells and exchange of information and exchange .
i don &apos;t know , but bacteria can actually do the exchange of dna .
so for example , that &apos;s why the vaccine has evolved .
some bacteria have discovered how they &apos;re going to get rid of it , and it &apos;s spread out of other bacteria , and now they have these little dna information , and there &apos;s a lot of bacteria that can communicate with bacteria .
this communication allows communities to create a ship together in a sense .
so they had to live together , or they failed , so many people would have been given more evolution by the community than the individuals in the community .
the transformation point is that these communities are very close together , they actually come together and decided to write a single piece of dna into the entire community .
and the next interesting stage for life took about a billion years .
and at this stage , we now have a lot of cells that function as a single organism , a whole bunch of different types of cells .
in fact , we are so many of these cells .
we now have lots of cells that don &apos;t have themselves .
the skin cells -- the heart cells -- the muscle cell , the brain cells , without the brain cells .
so these communities began to evolution , which is why evolution is not a single organism that we call a single cell .
the next stage was within these communities .
these cell communities started to get information again .
they started to develop very special structures that don &apos;t do anything outside the community .
these are neurons .
these neurons are the tools of processing and processing .
they &apos;re actually in the community , and they &apos;re in charge of learning about information and knowledge , and they &apos;re in charge of building structures .
these are the brain and the nervous system of the community .
and this gave them a evolutionary advantage .
because at this point , there was an individual , learning , that could have been the time in a single organism , instead of a single organism .
so , for example , because a organism is bad , and when it comes to the bad time , he could learn to eat a certain kind of fruit when he died .
this is the only organism that could have lived in life , and it would have to be learning about the special information structures of these thousands of individuals who died hundreds of thousands of years ago when they were supposed to be able to learn the evolution .
in fact , what they &apos;ve created the nervous system has stepped up all of these special information processing structures .
because evolution can now happen in one individual .
this is the learning time .
and then , of course , the individuals learned about their communication .
for example , the most sophisticated version of this is a human version .
if you think about it , it &apos;s a pretty surprising one .
so here i have a very complex thought that has a very complicated head .
so i &apos;m going to sit down here , and i &apos;m hoping to create a kind of surprising thought that &apos;s based on the sounds that are going to be connected to your head .
we &apos;re making it a very complex thing , by taking it into sound , turning it into your brain into a very complex thing .
so this is the only organism that allows us to start working like a organism .
so what we &apos;re doing is actually what we &apos;re doing as human beings , we &apos;re doing abstract .
we &apos;re going through the same process where we &apos;re going through the process of bringing information to information , processing and processing , and doing our way through very many cells .
for example , the discovery of language is a very small step in this direction .
the mobile phones are the mechanisms in our society to deal with all these things , such as video clips , etc .
and they connect each other to something that &apos;s much bigger than we &apos;ve been before , to something that &apos;s happening faster than we &apos;ve been .
now , it can happen in a saniyeler scale .
you &apos;ve seen the evolution program in front of your eyes in front of your eyes as a small example of evolution .
here we are now able to speed up the scale once again .
it took you a billion years to tell you the first step of the story .
the brain system , like the brain and brain , took the next hundred million years .
language , like the language , has taken steps more than a million years .
and it seems like electronic steps , just a few years to take .
and the process is going through itself , i think it &apos;s the most appropriate word for the change of the speed of change .
it changes faster .
and i think this is what we see here in the end of the curve .
and we see this process itself itself .
i &apos;m building computers , and i know it would be impossible for me to use computers without the latest developments in computers without computers .
now i &apos;m so complex objects that are really impossible to design them in traditional ways .
i don &apos;t know what every device in the connection machine does .
there are billions of them there .
instead , what i think is that designers and designers are doing is a little bit more abstract by giving it to the machine that we can do it faster and faster than we can do it .
and in fact , it takes this in a way that we don &apos;t understand .
it &apos;s a particularly interesting way of evolution that i use in recent times .
so what we &apos;re doing is we have a process of evolution that comes inside the machine , which is about a second of a second .
so for example , we can develop a program that can start with the top of the computer , starting in random cases .
so , for example , the computer says , &quot; please give me a hundred million laptops . &quot;
now please take all these random instructions , and i want all these programs to do the most close thing i want to do . &quot;
i mean , in other words , my wish .
so for example , what i do with him , i want to do the number numbers .
now we &apos;re going to find the most recent programmes .
well , of course , the number of random programs is that it &apos;s one of the possibilities that you don &apos;t really do it .
but one of them may put two numbers on the right line .
so i say , &quot; please know , al gore is the best guy who &apos;s doing this random computer work .
don &apos;t have any of those meat .
now they &apos;re the best producing numbers .
and it &apos;s the process of bringing them back to gender again .
they &apos;re going to change the program and the lower kids &apos; program programs , and they &apos;re going to make two children &apos;s properties in both programmes .
now i have a new generation of programs that make a little better job , and i have new programmes .
let &apos;s say , &quot; let &apos;s call the process a repeat . &quot;
it &apos;s finished again .
it &apos;s a little bit of genes .
and you try and do it again for another generation .
each of these generation takes only a few seconds .
so i can make a computer evolution within a million years , in just a few minutes , or in complex situations .
at the end , i have all the programs that i have , in fact , have great numbers .
in fact , these are more efficient than my programs .
now i can &apos;t tell you how they &apos;re working with these programs .
i tried to study them , tell you how they work .
understanding power , strange programs .
but they do the task .
i &apos;m sure they &apos;re going to do it , because they &apos;re going to get hundreds of thousands of programs from the program .
they &apos;re actually connected to their lives .
and i was at the time , and i was going to get a card , and he said , &quot; oh , look , look at this .
&quot; does this airplane make you feel confident that you have thousands of little pieces of pieces that work together to make you secure ? &quot;
in fact , we know that the engineering process is not very good at the time .
we &apos;re starting to rely on computers in very different engineering processes .
it allows us to create more complex things than ordinary engineering allows us to produce .
and we don &apos;t have many options that have yet .
in a sense , our future is moving forward .
we &apos;re using these programs now to produce more quickly , faster computers .
so he &apos;s listening to himself .
and it &apos;s getting more and more , so i think it looks very complicated .
because all these technologies are eating themselves .
we &apos;re going to fly .
and we &apos;re at a time when organisms are beginning to become very , very similar to organisms .
so we don &apos;t understand , and we don &apos;t understand what we create for god .
it &apos;s a complete transition .
and i think there &apos;s something coming from us .
i think that the final product of evolution would be that it would have been very dangerous .
the next thing is , we &apos;re all part of the production of it here .
it &apos;s approaching lunch , and i think i &apos;ll end up here before i finish it .
my story is actually starting right here two years ago , where i started .
one night , i was together with a singer , ali ali , in the desert .
and we &apos;ve been talking about the change of anything since the &quot; the old india &quot; , &quot; and we &apos;ve been talking about .
at that time , when we were to travel , we were flying in two cars that we wanted to travel to the sky .
now we do the same with aircraft .
at that time , when the great indian prince was born , the indian prince took over the place and put it in a ok and off the water .
now we do the same with the tools and the machines .
so the result was , the machines that we had , the magic .
and that was really sad .
i realized that i started to get some of the technology .
i &apos;m going to lose the idea that i &apos;m going to take a photo without my camera and my friends , and i &apos;m going to lose the idea that i &apos;m going to make sure i &apos;m going to give you the day .
and i thought technology should be possible instead of killing magic .
when i was a little girl , my little father gave me a silver cell phone .
and it &apos;s the magic thing in the world for me , 50 years of technology .
in my dream , the hackers became a golden gate of the world , full of ships and images .
so i felt that our mobile phones , our phones , our cameras and our machines were able to imagine us .
they were allowed to make the idea .
and so i did the technology world , and i could use it to see how i could use magic to kill him .
i &apos;ve been drawing images for books since 19 years old .
and when i saw the iphone , i saw it as a device that would connect the readers all over the world .
it knows how we know .
where we are .
it brings the picture and its image together , the sound and the voice .
the story is becoming more intuitive .
so what do we do with this ?
i &apos;m actually going to give you the iphone , which is an app for the application .
he says , &quot; put your fingers on each side of light . &quot;
and so he says , &quot; this is the box that belongs to the person . &quot;
and i actually become a character in the book .
in various locations , i come up with a little letters , and it shows you where you live , because of the gps , you know where you live .
these possibilities are really excited about the child in my life .
i talked about a lot of magic .
and i don &apos;t mean , i don &apos;t mean , i mean , the magic creatures that i mean that we have all these ideas that we have when we &apos;re a kid .
and the idea of a kavanozdaki , for one reason , was always surprised by me .
and you have to remember your iphone here , and you &apos;re coming out .
and in fact , they &apos;re using your way to the book .
and the idea that i was a kid was really fascinated by me is that all of the parts of the galaxy are in one galaxy .
and here , every book that &apos;s going on , and every piece of the earth is taking a little bit of a magic device inside the device .
and it opens up a map .
since the beginning , the map of all the books has been fantastic , but these maps are not moving .
this is a map that &apos;s growing up , and it &apos;s going to go through the book , and it &apos;s going on .
it comes out at certain points of the book .
i &apos;m going to go inside .
the other thing that &apos;s really important for me is that india , but it &apos;s also a very modern context .
you see here .
we &apos;ve all heard before , and we &apos;ve heard them , but how many people outside india know their brothers ?
these are the poor old , old and poor , in a book , they had been closed for thousands of years .
and we bring them back in a modern child story .
and it &apos;s really a story that is interested in new problems like environmental crises .
talking about environmental crises , i think , the big problem that we &apos;ve been facing over the last 10 years , is that they don &apos;t get out of their computers in their rooms , they don &apos;t get out .
but now with the technology of mobile technology , we can get out of our kids , we can go out to nature .
and one of the things that you can get out of the book is you go out and send your camera to take a look at different images of natural objects .
when i was a little kid , i had various museums , various stones , rocks and sea stones .
and so kids don &apos;t do it anymore .
you &apos;ve got to go out and take a picture of the flower in a part , and then you put it in a flower .
in another part , you &apos;ve got a tree shot and you &apos;ve got the picture of it .
and so you create a digital photography collection that you can actually read online .
i &apos;ve seen a picture of a child in london , and he says , &quot; i &apos;ve seen this picture today . &quot;
one child in india said , &quot; i &apos;ve seen a monkey today . &quot;
and it really creates a kind of social network that &apos;s happening around a digital collection of photos that you &apos;ve got .
magic , world and technology are really too many possibilities to bring together .
and in the next book , we &apos;re working on video that you &apos;re going out of your home , and you &apos;re looking at the hareketli of your house , and you see the hareketli of your house , which comes out of your house .
at one point , your screen is covered with leaves .
and you have to make the wind for them to break up , and then you read the book further .
we &apos;re moving forward to the world where nature &apos;s forces are coming to technology and technology are coming together , and we &apos;re all moving together to the world .
we get energy from the sun .
we take our children and our children to the natural world through a simple story that we have , the love of childhood and entertainment .
thank you .
this is a great honour for me .
i spent most of my life on cells , in prison cells .
i spent most of my time on low income groups , living in the villages , and in projects that have lost hope .
and it &apos;s very exciting to be here at ted and to hear this call , to me .
the short thing i &apos;ve spent here is that ted is a identity .
you can tell the world that &apos;s really going to contribute to the world .
when some things come out of ted , they have the power they don &apos;t have until they have it .
i &apos;m talking about it because identity is really important .
we &apos;ve watched some great presentations .
and i think we &apos;ve learned that things that are very important if you &apos;re learning about something that comes from a teacher , but it &apos;s a particularly sense of what you say .
you can do some good stuff , but if you &apos;re a doctor , you can do something else .
i want to talk to you about the power of identity .
i didn &apos;t realize that when i was working in law or doing my job .
i learned from my grandmother .
i grew up in a traditional african family , and i grew up in a african family , a woman , a woman , a sertti , and he was güçlüydü .
all of the discussions in the house would determine the outcome .
he was also the most of us who started the debate .
he was a son of a family that was really slavery .
the father of the mother was born in the 1960s in virginia .
he was born in the 1950s , and he designed his view of slavery to the world .
it &apos;s hard , but it &apos;s also smart .
when i went to see a little boy , i was so hard to see him , so hard that i could breathe .
when i saw him over and over the next two hours , he said to me , &quot; you &apos;re still feeling me ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; no . &quot; and again , &quot; yes , &quot; and he &apos;ll leave me comfortable .
he had such a feature , which he always wanted to be on his side .
the only problem had 10 children .
my mother was the youngest of her 10 children .
sometimes when i went to spend time with him , it would be difficult to get attention and attention .
my friends walk everywhere .
i remember when i went up to eight years of eight , and i remember walking all my friends in the hall .
my grandmother was sitting in front of the room and looked at me .
i thought we &apos;d played a game before .
and i looked at her , but she was very serious .
after 15 minutes of that , i got away from the room , and he kept me on the other side of the room , and he said , &quot; let me talk to you . &quot;
i remember this as though yesterday .
i will never forget .
he took me out , and he said , &quot; well , i &apos;ll tell you something , but i &apos;ll tell you that . &quot;
i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;m going to go . &quot;
he said , &quot; calm . &quot; of course . &quot;
and then he looked at me , and he said , &quot; i want you to know you . &quot;
&quot; i think you are you .
you can do whatever . &quot;
i &apos;ll never forget that .
and then he said , &quot; i want to give me three things . &quot;
i said , &quot; okay . &quot;
&quot; i want you to love you , my first mother .
i want my little daughter and my daughter to give her a look at her , &quot; she said .
so i was doing my mother , and i said , &quot; yes , i &apos;m going to go . &quot;
and then he said , &quot; the second thing i want to give is always the right thing to do , even if it &apos;s hard to do the right thing . &quot;
i thought a little bit , and i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;ll go . &quot;
and finally , he said , &quot; i don &apos;t have any right to drink you . &quot;
i was nine years old , so i said , &quot; okay , i will not . &quot;
in the south , i grew up in a rural area , and i had a big brother , and i had a little girl , a little girl .
when i was 14 years old , my brother came home with a beer package , and he found out where -- i don &apos;t know where -- and my sister took me to the area .
we had three children there , and we were always doing all kinds of kinds of kinds of scandals .
he took a taste of me , and he gave my sister a little bit , and he gave me a little bit .
i said , &quot; no , no , no . you don &apos;t need . i will not . &quot;
&quot; i &apos;m going to go . i &apos;m going to do this today , and you have to do it .
i took a little bit of a brother , and he took it . &quot;
i said , &quot; no , that doesn &apos;t come true to me , for you . &quot;
and then my friend started looking at me straight .
he said , &quot; oh , what ? here &apos;s internal . &quot;
and then he looked at me , and he said , &quot; i hope you still don &apos;t have a ninemizle speech . &quot;
i said , &quot; you &apos;re talking about why . &quot;
he said , &quot; you know all my parents are special . &quot;
i was destroyed .
i &apos;ll tell you something here .
i &apos;m probably not going to tell you something .
it &apos;s going to be published to a large audience .
but i &apos;m 52 , and i &apos;m going to tell you that i &apos;m going to admit that i &apos;m going to admit that i &apos;m going to admit that in my life .
i say it &apos;s not because it &apos;s a lot of organic , but because of the identity that has power .
if we create the right identity , we can say things that aren &apos;t really rational to the world around us .
we can do things that they think they &apos;re going to do .
when i was thinking about my grandmother , she looked at her , of course , that she had all the parents .
he was arrested for his ban on alcohol .
my colleagues were killed by the diseases of the wine .
and that &apos;s what we need to do .
so far , i &apos;ve been trying to say something about our justice system .
our country is very different than two years ago .
in 1989 , there were 50,000 people in the prisons .
today , there are 1.3 million people .
the united states is the world &apos;s most prison sentence .
there are seven million people who have been evacuated or released .
and if i think , it has changed our collective world .
in the poor neighborhood , in different parts of the race , there &apos;s a fear , because of this situation .
one of the three men between 18 and 30 years of age between 18 and 30 , or released in prison , or released in prison .
in cities around the country -- 40 percent of the men in los angeles , los angeles , los angeles , los angeles , and los angeles -- were released from prison or released in prison .
our system is not only due to isolation , but also because of poverty .
the justice system in this country is better than if you &apos;re a white and white , poor and innocent .
the consequences of the crime are based on many crimes .
yet , we seem to have a lot of health .
fear and fear policy , like this , has believed us like someone else &apos;s .
connection was broken .
this is interesting to me .
i see some interesting developments in my business .
my province is the province of america , if you have some other states , if you have a right to vote .
now 34 per cent of the black men in america lost their right to vote .
according to us , the turnout of the vote in the next ten years will be equal compared to the previous law of voting .
and there &apos;s an amazing silence .
i represent kids .
many young people are young .
the united states is the only country in the world that is sentenced to 13 years in prison .
children in this country are sentenced to life without a provisional release .
these cases are really happening .
the only country in the world .
i represent the people who can be represented .
it &apos;s very interesting to have a prison sentence .
in many ways , it &apos;s believed that the real problem is that people are going to die for crimes they committed .
this is a really rational question .
but we can ask the question differently , according to the identity we have .
if we do that , people who are supposed to die because of the crimes they have been committed , they &apos;re not going to kill us .
i think that &apos;s amazing .
the death penalty in america is being imposed by mistakes .
we found that every nine people were guilty to one person , and that person was arrested .
an amazing mistake rate -- one of nine people is innocent .
it &apos;s amazing .
in aviation , one of nine planes would have been allowed to fly at any plane .
but somehow we can understand ourselves from this problem .
it &apos;s not our problem .
it &apos;s not us .
it &apos;s not our story .
i &apos;m talking very much about these issues .
i &apos;m talking about whether we &apos;re not going to kill and kill it .
this is very interesting , i &apos;m talking to the african students to teach them the history of slavery .
i &apos;m talking to them about terrorism , the process of restructuring and the second world war ii .
they don &apos;t know a lot about it .
but for the african americans , it was a period of terrorism .
many communities face the threat of being isolated .
they were afraid of the bombing .
it was the threat of terrorism that created their lives .
these guys come to me and say , &quot; you know , you &apos;re going to talk to mr. teszler , you &apos;re going to talk to people for the first time , when they &apos;re against terrorism , and they say , &quot; you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you &apos;re going to tell people that they &apos;re going to tell me that they &apos;re going to go against terrorism . &quot;
they say , &quot; we grew up with them . &quot;
and of course , it followed the years of discrimination and discrimination .
and unfortunately , we don &apos;t like to talk about our problems in this country .
we don &apos;t like to talk about history .
we didn &apos;t understand why we did what we did in history .
we &apos;re always fighting each other .
we &apos;re constantly fighting and conflict .
we &apos;re talking about it , because i think we don &apos;t want to give ourselves to the truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people have understood that discrimination cannot be resolved without the truth and reconciliation .
in rwanda , even during the genocide , there was respect , but we managed to do this in this country .
i gave a lesson about the death penalty in germany .
it was fascinating because after the presentation , one of the academics came up and said , &quot; you know , i &apos;m going to hear a lot of people .
there is no prison sentence in germany .
it can never be a death penalty in germany , &quot; he said .
the room was quiet and said , &quot; no woman can never be , we will never allow us to death in systematic history .
in a way to kill people , there will be a shame to us , &quot; he said .
i thought about that .
how would the jewish state be living in a world where germany was sentenced to people , and how would these people have been so large ?
i &apos;m not going to have that .
that would happen .
but we are living in this country in the old south african states , and if there are 11 times more men than the victims of the victims of the victims of the victims , they are more than the 22 victims , and if they were sentenced to 22 times more .
but there &apos;s a connection .
i think our identity is at risk .
we don &apos;t care about these hard things , we give positive and wonderful things .
we love innovation .
we love technology . we love creativity .
we love fun .
but in fact , these facts , in the process , have been marred by suffering , with suffering .
i think we have to connect these two things .
because in fact , we &apos;re talking about more than more hopeful , more than trying to deal with the problems of living in a complex world .
for me , it means to talk to the poor , to the poor , to the ted .
it becomes part of our lives .
you know , in fact , we all have to believe things we don &apos;t see .
and we &apos;re going to think about it . we &apos;re so realistic , and we believe that the way of mind .
innovation , creativity , development , doesn &apos;t just come from ideas in our minds .
it comes from the idea that we take power in our heart and we create a power in our minds .
and if my connection is to me , this connection allows us to look at things that are not just bright and bright , but also of importance to the dark and dark things .
the great czech leader , miroslav lajcak , talked about it .
&quot; as we tried to cope with the pressure in eastern europe , we wanted to deal with all sorts of things , but we needed the most , sometimes to witness our spirit , &quot; he said .
and i think that this spirit should be based on ted communities &apos; commitment .
it doesn &apos;t allow us to suffer from technology and design to suffer us as long as we do not allow us to focus on poverty , to be fully human .
but i &apos;m warning you that it &apos;s much more difficult than you don &apos;t want to have a kind of identity .
you &apos;ll understand that .
i grew up with a young lawyer and i had a privilege to meet putin .
in the meantime , she was in the meantime , with her oldest friends , her most close friends , her husband of the bus stop , she represented a great white woman , dr. johnson , a white woman with her husband .
these women were just talking to them .
she calls me , and she calls me , &quot; i &apos;m going to come to the city , and we &apos;ll talk to the city .
do you want to listen and listen ? &quot;
and i would say , &quot; well , i would . &quot;
he said , &quot; what would you do ? &quot;
i would say , &quot; i &apos;m going to listen . &quot;
i would go there and listen to it .
it gave me energy and power .
when i was listening to these women , i was listening to me a few hours later , and i told me , &quot; now , let me tell me what happened to the justice initiative .
tell you what it works . &quot;
i started telling him .
&quot; we are trying to fight corruption .
we &apos;re trying to help people who are unfair .
we &apos;re trying to fight discrimination and discrimination in judicial administration .
we &apos;re trying to help children who are not allowed to release the provisional release talks .
we &apos;re trying to make a penalty for a prison sentence .
we &apos;re trying to reduce the number of people in the prison .
we are trying to prevent the arrest of mass destruction . &quot;
and i told her all of these things , and she looked at me , and she looked at me and she looked at me .
this will reduce you so far , &quot; he said .
and she was going to put her fingers down to me , and she said , &quot; well , that &apos;s why you have to be very bold . &quot;
i really believe that ted society should be very bold .
we have to deal with these challenges , find ways to deal with the challenges .
because our humanity depends on human humanity .
i learned a lot of simple things as i did it .
he taught me a lot of simple things .
i understand that each of us is worse than what we do .
i think it &apos;s like this for everybody on the planet .
i think someone says it &apos;s not just a lie .
i think it &apos;s not just a hırsız , although someone has nothing to do with it .
i think even if you kill one , you &apos;re not just a killer .
that &apos;s why it &apos;s protected by the laws of humanity .
and i think it &apos;s not just the wealth of poverty in this country and in many places of our world .
i don &apos;t believe that .
i think in many places , the justice of poverty is the same .
and i think it &apos;s so beautiful , i think it &apos;s exciting , even though it &apos;s exciting to be our technology , our technology , our tasarımlarımızla , our yargılanmayacağız and zekamızla .
you end up in the end , you think about the character of a society , and you can &apos;t tell the rich people , how they were treated , how they were treated to the poor .
because of that stance , we find ourselves in our own way .
sometimes i &apos;m doing it . i &apos;ll end with this story .
sometimes i don &apos;t get myself very much .
i &apos;m just like all of us .
sometimes these ideas are really thinking about themselves from important ways .
i represent the children of very heavy penalties .
i &apos;m going to go to the prison where i &apos;m going to see my wife , like an adult , who was 14 years old .
and i think , how did this happen ?
how can a judge transform you into something that doesn &apos;t have ?
the judge decided that he was a adult , but i see this child .
i was thinking late at night , my god , if you &apos;re a judge , you should have magic forces that can transform you .
okay , there &apos;s the magic powers of the judge .
you want to share them with you .
i didn &apos;t think because i was standing in the late hour , i started working on a motion .
he was 14 years old , he had a zavallı .
i started working on the bill and i started working on it : &quot; the poor man , 14 , black , black , white , white , white , executive director of the company . &quot;
i put it in the judiciary , the police , the judiciary , the judiciary .
and so i put a crazy write , which is , in this country , there &apos;s all the appropriate criteria .
i &apos;d seen this morning when i got the next morning , and i thought i &apos;d like to propose this crazy , or i &apos;d really write it .
and i did not only write it , but i sent it to court .
a few months passed , and i remember that .
finally , i decided to go to the court and do this crazy defense .
i was in car , and i was really frustrated .
i was driving , and i went to the office .
i thought it would be very difficult and painful .
i walked out of the car , and i started walking to the court .
the court &apos;s palace came out of the hill , and the old lady had a siyahi .
when you see me , he asked me , who i was right .
i said , &quot; my lawyer . &quot; and i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
the man was wearing me right , and he came close to me .
hear me .
&quot; i &apos;m proud of you . &quot;
i tell you , this energy gave me energy .
this is a connection with the capacity of every person in my life and to contribute to the society in different ways .
i went to court .
the judge entered into the room , saw me coming .
&quot; mr. teszler said , would you write this crazy idea ? &quot;
i said , &quot; yeah , i &apos;m going to write . &quot; we started debate .
people started to go inside .
i wrote these crazy things .
and police officers , investigators , judges and prosecutors were in the inside .
and when i didn &apos;t understand what happened , it was going to be up to the court for people who were talking about poverty .
and i saw my eye to go back and go back to the back , and i saw the temizlikçiyi .
he was looking at the window , and he had all this complexity .
he continued to go back .
at the end , this old man was sitting in the face of a young black man , and he was sitting in the face of the face of the lawyers , almost to the lawyers &apos; table .
ten minutes later , the judge said we would give it .
meanwhile , police chief executive directors were scared to enter the court .
he stood up , and he went to this young man .
he said , &quot; you &apos;re going to go to the court , &quot; he said .
the old man stood up , and he looked at him , and he looked at me , and he said , &quot; i mean , i came to this young man , and i came to leave the prize for the man . &quot;
i think most of you are aware that the morality of the universe is right to justice .
we are fully aware of the human rights and respect for human rights .
you are aware that our survival depends on our survival .
technology , entertainment , creativity , creativity , compassion , compassion and justice should be internal .
and more than anything , i &apos;ve come to those people who share this sense , don &apos;t let your eyes and say it &apos;s based on your eyes .
thank you very much .
you &apos;ve seen the audience and the community want to help you about this , and you &apos;ve got it clear .
what can we do in a czech writing ?
we have a lot of possibilities around us .
for example , if you live in california , this summer is going to be a referendum , which is going to be the effort to transfer money to other places we spend here .
for example , here in california , we &apos;re going to spend a billion dollars in death over the next five years .
nevertheless , 70 per cent of the murder cases have been arrested , with no arrests .
56 per cent of the rape cases failed .
we have the opportunity to change that .
the referendum offers legal sanctions and security to these sanctions .
i think we all have possibilities around us .
there &apos;s a huge decline in crime in america over the last three decades .
and part of this is the increasing rates .
what would you say to someone who said this ?
in fact , the wild crime rate remains relatively fixed .
the increase in collective prison rates was actually not in this wild crime category .
the fight against drugs has been . .
and this is how we see the population of our cities in our prison .
we got ourselves in this criminal act .
we have three laws , and we &apos;re going to give these real resources to victims , and we &apos;re going to go to jail until we &apos;re going to get victims of the financial crimes .
i think we need to do more to help victims , not less .
our current justice system does nothing for anybody .
and that &apos;s the trend we have to change to me .
you &apos;ve seen a lot of attention here .
you &apos;ve got one of the inspiration .
thank you very much for coming to ted . thank you .
cnn : threats have increased following bin laden &apos;s death .
second reporter : there is poverty in somalia .
third journalist : police are gas . number two : the third investigative reporter : tedsters .
my fifth edition of a trip : a tour of fusion ships , social journalist .
cnn : the seventh one is dead , 65 , the tsunami warning : nine journalists .
a few journalists : drug war ii . mass destruction .
the delays . egypt . the death .
syrian crisis . death .
oh my god . it &apos;s disaster .
peter smith : these are some of the images i &apos;ve been collected over the last six months , or maybe six years in the last six or six years .
so what i mean is that we prefer to give us some negative news from the broadcasting bodies , because it &apos;s taken to them .
and there &apos;s a very good reason for this .
every day in every day , our brains bring us more data than our brains can .
and because it &apos;s not something more important for us to survive , it &apos;s the first stop of all the data that is called the cortex , which is called the kıymığıdır .
now , this is our early warning , early warning , that we are in danger .
all the data holds and we look at it , and it &apos;s looking for something that can harm us in the environment .
so we &apos;re going to look at some dozen news stories , especially those negative ones .
and if he &apos;s a former journalism , he says , &quot; if you &apos;re in the press , &quot; it &apos;s very right .
so , if we think about seven days of the day , 24 hours of the day , we &apos;re going to think about all our digital technology , it &apos;s not surprising .
it &apos;s not surprising that people think that the world is going to get worse .
but maybe it &apos;s not like this .
maybe what &apos;s happening to us , in fact , is what &apos;s been happening .
perhaps in the last century , because of the enormous effects that we have made in the last century , it &apos;s actually going to be able to create the potential that we have in the next three decades .
now i &apos;m not saying we &apos;re not going to have a whole bunch of problems -- climate crisis , the waste of species , the water and the water shortages .
and as humans , we &apos;re very good at seeing the problems very much , but we can eventually get them .
so let &apos;s look at what was the last century to see where we went .
in the last century , the average life expectancy of people has increased more than two times in the world , according to inflation , the average income per capita .
child mortality dropped to one of them .
add that food , transport , communication costs , 10 to 1,000 to 1,000 .
steve smith showed us that we live in the most peaceful period of human history .
charles and charles are over 80 per cent of the global economy over the last 30 years .
we live in a really extraordinary time .
most people remember that .
and we increase our expectations .
in fact , we understand what poverty means .
imagine that today in america , most people under the poverty line still have electricity , water , water , television , mobile phones and cars .
in the last century , the most rich police officers were not able to imagine them , even if they were all those who had found guilty .
most of this is technology under technology , and it &apos;s growing in the last few times .
my good friend , ray ray ray , showed that any device with information technology goes into a curve , within moore &apos;s law , goes up to 12 times the price performance of between 12 and 24 months .
so that &apos;s why the mobile phone you have in the middle of the &apos; 70s is literally a million times cheaper and faster .
now look at this curve .
this is moore &apos;s law in the last century .
i want you to notice two things from this curve .
the first one is , how smooth it is -- it &apos;s good at peace and it &apos;s also bad , and it &apos;s on time to rise , in war .
it &apos;s used to make computers faster than computers .
none of our big challenges are slow .
and also , on the left , despite the law on the left , the right is down .
the speed of technology is accelerating itself .
and in this curve , there &apos;s a lot of powerful technologies that are open to all of us all over moore &apos;s law .
the cloud is the computer that my friends say that the computer is called &quot; infinite networks , &quot; and &quot; systems , &quot; in the field of computing , &quot; -- the ability to pressure from technologies -- artificial biological and synthetic biology -- and synthetic drugs and synthetic drugs .
so , how many of you are watching ibm &apos;s win to win russia &apos;s watson ?
i mean , it was the story .
in fact , i found the best newspapers that i could find out and find them .
and i love this : &quot; watson came to the human opponents . &quot;
it &apos;s not an easy game .
it &apos;s about human language .
and please imagine , this is the kind of artificial intelligence of every person who has mobile phone .
four years ago at ted , we set up a new university in ted and i created a new university .
and we teach our students how to solve all these technologies and , especially to solve the big challenges of humanity .
and every decade we want them to launch a company or a company that will affect the lives of a billion people every year or a positive product .
think about it , literally , a group of students , today , that a billion people can be able to live in life .
30 years ago , that sounds ridiculous .
we can actually put a dozen companies doing this today .
when i think about creating wealth , it &apos;s not about creating a luxury life for everyone on the planet -- it &apos;s a full life .
it &apos;s rare to get the one , and to try to get it out .
look , it &apos;s a kind of effect that makes sense of wealth and technology resources .
let me give you an example .
so this is a story about the 3rd century ad .
he &apos;s on the left .
he called the king to dinner .
all the silver soldiers of the ottoman soldiers , the gold ring , with their own gold .
but the king of orange , it &apos;s a yemiş , which is a bıçaklarla .
you can see it &apos;s the most valuable than the gold , gold and metal from the planet .
this is the reason that washington monument is made of glass .
you know , despite the fact that the earth is about 60 percent of the mass &apos;s mass , it &apos;s not pure metal .
it &apos;s all about oxygen and oxygen .
but then the technology came out , and it was literally produced that we used it to use carbon dioxide , which we use it .
so let &apos;s reflect this metaphor .
we think about energy shortages .
ladies and gentlemen , we &apos;re living on a planet that we &apos;re using 10,000 times the energy that we &apos;re using .
every single minute , 16 minutes , is on earth &apos;s surface of energy .
it &apos;s not about being rare , it &apos;s about sustainability .
and there are good news here .
for the first time , in india this year , 50 percent of the cost of electricity produced in the sun was produced in 50 percent of the cost of electricity .
the cost of the sun fell 50 per cent last year .
last month , mit published a study showing that in the united states , by the end of this year , the national average solar energy would be 15 cents per hour , instead of 15 cents per month .
and if we have a lot of energy , we have a lot of water .
now we &apos;re talking about water wars .
in 1990 , you remember the world , when the sun was going back to the planet , when carl bildt was going back , going back to the earth , right ?
it was a famous photograph . what was it called ?
it &apos;s a blue spot . &quot;
because we live on a water planet .
we live on a planet with 70 percent of water .
yeah , we &apos;re about 20 percent of water , two percent of water , and two percent of the water on the planet , and we &apos;re hoping for the water , but there &apos;s the water .
and there &apos;s technology that &apos;s available , 10 years later , not 20 years , right now .
there are technologies that are coming from .
in this morning , i &apos;d like to share with dean kamen , and i want to share with you -- i want to share with you -- this is something that most of you may have heard about -- something that you may have heard about -- is called a little boyutunda technology .
two more than two different sources of water -- water , water , water , clean water , clean drinking water per day -- approved the board of directors to test hundreds of water in the developing world .
and if it &apos;s going to work , i have confidence in any kind of business , it &apos;s going to start using it in the global planet as well .
so this is the kind of innovation that we have today , with this technology .
and we saw this on cell phones .
by the end of 2013 , i &apos;m going to get to 40 percent mobile phones in the developing world .
imagine , in the middle of kenya , there &apos;s a mobile phone hero , 25 years ago , there &apos;s better mobile communication from president reagan .
well , if they entered google from a smart phone , 15 years ago , clinton has more information and intelligence services than clinton had .
they live in a world where no one can predict and communicate as much as nobody can imagine .
and even better , and they &apos;re the ones that i &apos;ve spent hundreds of dollars , and they &apos;ve spent hundreds of millions of dollars , and we &apos;ve taken out of video data from the foundation , and the music technology comes back to your cell phone , and it &apos;s literally a full range of books .
maybe the best part of it comes to health .
last month , i had a sense of explanation , which was called a $ 10m x foundation , a $ 10m .
in the world , in fact , all these technologies , you &apos;re going to talk to these teams , because you &apos;ve got to get a team of doctors and doctors and doctors who can take you through a device that can be able to get through a mobile device that can be able to get blood pressure on the front of the computer , which you can be able to get to get to get from a mobile device .
so literally , imagine that if this device isn &apos;t the doctors , 25 percent of the patients are in the middle of the world where the health workers are in the middle of the world .
this is the result of the mass , when a dna virus doesn &apos;t know the virus , or the dna has been able to control the disease centre and prevent the disease .
but it &apos;s the biggest impact here to create the world of justice , here .
i call it the rising billion .
here are white lines .
we went through seven billion new lines in the world .
by the way , the population is to train the world &apos;s best protection and healthy .
in 2010 , there was a little bit of two billion people connected to the outside .
by 2020 , internet users will be up to five billion .
these three billion new global mental minds that we don &apos;t get before are taking news .
what do people want ?
what are they going to eat ?
and we &apos;re going to live with the largest economic recovery that we &apos;re going to live in the past .
these people represent hundreds of dollars to join the economy .
they &apos;re going to be more healthy and more healthy , and they &apos;re going to be better trained by using their academy , and they &apos;re going to be able to be able to make sure that they can be more productive than ever before .
so what can it bring us three billion people to the rise , healthy , healthy , healthy , productive ?
what do you think of a group of voices we &apos;ve never heard before ?
so what if they were -- where are they going to be the first time , where are they going to take action to get the voice and to hear it ?
what will this bring three billion people ?
what do you think we can &apos;t even predict ?
there &apos;s something i &apos;ve learned in the x x prize , which is that small groups that are moving through a clear movement can do things that they can only do in the past , and that governments can do big things .
let me share a story that really excited me and close with him .
some of you may have heard a program .
it &apos;s a game called functions .
she came out of the university of washington .
and this is a game where individuals are going to take a sequence of the protein and then take the protein from what they &apos;re going to see .
and it sets the structure of its shape and its function .
and it &apos;s very important for research in medicine .
and so far , it &apos;s a computer problem .
and this game was played by university professors and professors .
there are literally hundreds of thousands of people who start playing this online game .
and it turns out that , in fact , today , the protein mechanism is better than the best computer than the human being .
and when these individuals were going to go and look at the best protein in the world , they didn &apos;t have a protein professor at mit , it was not a student , it wasn &apos;t a protein professor at the university of england , and he was the best managing director of the world in the u.k.
ladies and gentlemen are the fact that we have a tremendous trust in the future , that we now have to deal with the challenges of the world that we have in order to deal with individual challenges .
we &apos;ve got our technology with this technology .
we have the passion of innovation .
we have the capitalism .
and we have three billion new minds that we have to do to solve big challenges , to do what we have to do with us .
we live in extraordinary years ahead .
thank you .
i think we need to do something about the heart of medicine .
and i think it needs to start from a doctor , and that &apos;s my name .
and when i do it , maybe i can get it from my heart of the institution that i &apos;ve had for a long time , which i &apos;ve been involved in , and i &apos;ve had my mistakes .
before i start to talk about the main theme of my talk , let &apos;s start with a little bit of playing soccer .
why not ?
we &apos;re approaching the final of the season , we &apos;re approaching the finals .
we all love soccer , right ?
we have a very dramatic number of statistics on football .
and there are hundreds of them .
it &apos;s about building a very good football team with statistics and statistics , &quot; a whole series of books &quot; .
i &apos;m going to focus on a statistics that many of you have heard this .
this is called the average score .
so , for example , we &apos;re talking about 300 , 300 of the players .
the meaning of this is that in the course of the game , it shows three shot in three .
so the ball is not sent down to the remote parts of the field , and it &apos;s the starting point that the ball hit by others on time , and it &apos;s at the end of the ball .
10 times three times .
do you know what 300 dollars are in the american football league ?
well , it &apos;s really good . it &apos;s called a star .
do you know what it &apos;s going to hit 400 ?
by the way , it means to reach 10 times each time .
the most recent us basketball player , which hit more than 400 feet in the normal season , is the legendary ted league player .
now let &apos;s go back to the world in which i &apos;m going to give you a little bit more comfortable , or a little bit more comfortable when i think i &apos;m going to talk to you .
it &apos;s taken to take you off , and it &apos;s a surgeon who &apos;s doing 400 surgeons on the target .
in a strange way , there &apos;s no way to accept this , right ?
now imagine you &apos;re living in a bird , where you &apos;re living with you , and you have two friends living with you , and your family doctor suggests that 200 people that you love a 200 , that you love a bird .
but you know what happens ?
he &apos;s doing better this year , he &apos;s getting himself up .
and he &apos;s doing 25 shot .
it doesn &apos;t work that way .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
what do you think about the average of a heart surgeon or a doctor or a doctor or a doctor , an emergency service expert ?
1,000 , very beautiful .
now the fact is that no one in all of the medicine knows that a good surgeon or an expert who is required to be successful in the average of their staff .
and what we &apos;re doing is we don &apos;t want to have the outside world to send all the other , including me , to the outside world .
never , never do a mistake , but it &apos;s about how it can be possible to do it .
and that was the message i got in medicine .
i was a brilliant student .
at high school , a friend of mine once said that brian may work on blood flow .
and that &apos;s what i did .
i worked in a small room at the top of the university of toronto , which is not far from there .
and i read everything .
and i &apos;ve learned that my lesson in my mind is the history of the brain , and the beginning of each joint venture , and the beginning of the muscle , the çıkışlarını , and the damarı of all the neurons .
in fact , i even learned how we were identified with obesity and obesity .
and with them , i was learning more information .
and i became successful , and i graduated with perfect degrees .
when i finished the faculty of medicine , i had this impression that if i knew everything possible , and that would have been done enough , and that would give me a mistake .
and for a while , it went right , like a woman , and she &apos;s as much as she did .
here i worked at the university of toronto , where i was a professor at the women &apos;s hospital at the university of toronto .
at that time , he was in the medical center .
and my task is to see the patient , when i was asked for emergency surgery at the hospital .
and he was reporting this .
and i saw the women , and i didn &apos;t have malaria .
and when i heard him , it was a sound that i heard from him .
and when i was listening to her chest , i was always hearing a sound that i heard of both sides , which thought it was a heart disease .
in this case , you have a heart attack due to the environment , and a whole amount of blood flow and blood vessels , and the blood vessels , and the lung cancer , and therefore you have blood .
and it &apos;s not hard to put it on .
i put it in , and i made a plan for treatment .
i gave him drugs . i gave him a drug to reduce the pain .
i gave liquid drugs called the sıvının for the removal of the liquid .
and it started to feel better at the end of two or two hours .
and i felt really good .
and at that moment , i made my first mistake -- i sent him to his house .
in fact , i did two more mistakes .
i sent him to his house with senior him .
i didn &apos;t tell you about the patient where he was expected to take her , and i didn &apos;t give her the patient information about the situation , so that he could have his own patient .
and he knew the patient , and he could make his assessment better .
i could have done it well .
maybe i didn &apos;t want to go over .
maybe the second thing that i did was a lot of success , like i did here , was even worse than the second mistake i did before giving her patients a second mistake .
i didn &apos;t give it to my house , and he said to me , &quot; it &apos;s not a good idea to do it , but to say , &quot; i don &apos;t care about it .
in fact , i &apos;m going to have a sense of confidence that i need a nurse to ask myself , and i need a nurse , &quot; don &apos;t have any reason to go home ? &quot;
and she thought , and she thought , &quot; yes , they &apos;ll come together , and i think , &quot; yes .
i remember it as though it was more complicated .
so i signed the cards , and it came to a nurse &apos;s home , and it came to take her staff .
and i went back to my job .
in the rest of the day , after that afternoon , i had a feeling that i was born .
but i continued to work .
and at the end of the day , i was prepared to go home to get the hospital to get out of the car , and i usually walked out to this building , which was not my car .
i went through the emergency service for him .
and there was another nurse in the back of the women , but there was another nurse , who said to me , only three words i knew that her doctors were afraid of all three words .
as in other areas of medicine , we were afraid of medicine , but we would still see a different feature for emergency medicine , because we see patients .
he was three words : did he remember him ?
&quot; remember if you sent the patient home ? &quot;
and he asked me directly .
he came back , and he said , &quot; it &apos;s the same .
he came back .
and he came back to the deadly situation .
and when i sent her to her home , about one hour after she came home , she was shocked about her , and her parents had called her , and she had called her , and she had brought her 50 percent of the emergency personnel back to the emergency room there .
and it was rarely breathe , and it was blue .
and the emergency personnel did their best .
they gave him drugs to raise blood pressure .
they put it on the pump .
and this time i was thinking , and i was excited .
and i went into the process , because i was hoping that the situation was sent to the intensive care unit after it was completed , and even though i had hoped it would improve .
and then it turns out that two or three days later , he could never see him .
the brain was developed in recycling .
and his family gathered .
and after eight or nine days , they were forced against them .
and then nine days later , they decided to end the process , they decided to be women , mothers and mom .
the names of the dead have never been said .
and that was the first thing i met with this rules .
in a few weeks later , i accused myself of myself , and the first time in our own medical culture , i felt a shame that i could face , and i felt that i could not be able to speak alone , because i was not a normal person .
you know , you know , when you take a secret to your best friend to tell anybody that you &apos;re going to tell you , and you &apos;re going to get your best friend and your best friend , and you &apos;re going to say , and you &apos;re going to have a patient , and you &apos;re going to have an even worse mistake , and you &apos;re going to say , and you &apos;re going to have a patient , and you &apos;re going to deal with it .
and as a result of this mistake , you never do it .
this kind of shame is a teacher .
and what i &apos;m talking about here is that shame is that you &apos;re sick of you .
it &apos;s something that you &apos;re going to tell you that what you &apos;re doing is not bad .
and that was what i felt .
and it wasn &apos;t just me until i put up a member of the puppet .
he spoke with the family , and i &apos;m sure the problem has changed and blocked my case .
and i kept asking myself these questions .
why did i ask him ? why did i send him home ?
and then i was even worse , and why did i make this kind of stupid ?
why did i choose medicine ?
and slowly , it &apos;s useful .
i started feeling a piece of myself good .
and it became a day when the air was clouds , and the sun started to appear , and i wonder myself , i felt good .
and i had to negotiate myself with myself , if i had to do a perfect job , and i would never do two and a half a second , please stop the sounds .
and they stopped .
and i went back to my work .
and then it happened again .
two years ago , i was responsible for an emergency hospital in the north of toronto , and i saw a man who was 25 years old .
there was a density , and i was doing some control .
it was showing it .
and i looked at it , it was a little pink .
and i gave him a drug , and i sent it .
and even at that door , it was still pointing out the bridge .
and two days later , i arrived in an emergency room and said he wanted to talk to me in his office .
and he said three words : do you remember it ?
do you remember the patient who had seen it ?
and the result was that he didn &apos;t have the immunity .
despite this , the risk of a vital risk , which is called bc .
you can look at google , but it &apos;s not the bottom line of the mouth , and it can lead to the closing of the solunum path .
and he died .
they &apos;re being introduced , and a few days later , we &apos;ve got improved .
and again , i went back to my job again and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again , until that work .
i took two times in the same emergency period .
it &apos;s happening in a way , especially when you see 14 patients in a hospital .
i don &apos;t send them to their homes , and i don &apos;t think they have any risk in their care .
i thought one of a kidney milestone .
i wanted to see the x-ray . when it comes to the end , my friend of the normal patient was looking at the right side of the breast , and he took the surgeons to the right side of the breast .
in the end , there was a lot of malaria .
i proposed that there would be some bazı , and i told my friends to consider it .
he did it , and he also called the surgeons in the lower right section where he felt a tension .
in both cases , they did their operations , and patients had improved .
but they come to me every time , and it &apos;s kind of like they &apos;ve grown me .
and i &apos;d like to tell you that my most bad mistakes have happened in the first five years of practice , as my colleague said to have been a very bad friend .
some of them are in the last five years .
he &apos;s alone , and he &apos;s desteksiz .
the problem is : if i don &apos;t hear myself clean and feel clean , how do i share with my colleagues who say what happened to me , if i really don &apos;t care about me ?
how can i teach them to do what others do to do ?
if i &apos;m going to go to the room and talk to me about what you think about .
so when did one of the last time talk to you about error ?
yes , you go to the party and you listen to another doctor &apos;s talk , but you &apos;ll hear somebody talking about their mistakes .
so if my colleagues were in a full room and then asked them to do some of their support and then tell you a little bit about two of my stories , they actually start to make a joke , and some of them start to do it .
and in fact , if i &apos;m a member of my colleagues in the hospital , i don &apos;t know that someone &apos;s going to cut off the wrong leg , i &apos;ve even had trouble thinking about building contact with that person .
so we have this system like this .
a system based on errors based on a toptan system .
there are two kinds of mistakes in this system , and those who do not do not do the mistakes , who do not do not do not do the mistakes , and they have a lot of success .
and it &apos;s almost like a ideological process , which is like the person to attack them .
and it turns out that medicine is doing a mistake , if you take it out , it &apos;s a safe system .
but there are two problems with this .
i was the first time i was written in a movie called &quot; black , &quot; star , &quot; in toronto , where i wrote about 20 or 20 years in a medical paper business , or anything like this , or a medical magazine .
and what i &apos;ve learned is that the mistakes i &apos;ve always been at all the time .
so we &apos;re in a system that happens every day there , there &apos;s one of the 10 days of mistakes in the drug , or one of the 10 or the wrong drugs , and there &apos;s a hospital that &apos;s going on and it &apos;s wrong .
in this country , as many as 1,000 romanians die , medical mistakes can result .
in the united states , the medical institute calls 100,000 .
in both cases , there are large difficulties because we do not do what we need to do in the face of the problem .
and here &apos;s an example .
medical information is certainly increasing in the hospital system , where every two or three or three years of sleep , in a hospital system .
we don &apos;t get rid of it .
we have our own right moral perception , i can send a great story about a patient with a breast cancer .
now take the patient with the breast , take it down , make it low , and put it in a little bit of alcohol and alcohol , and suddenly it becomes a story .
i got the same story .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i always do the same way .
and my patients don &apos;t have cars ; they don &apos;t always take their symptoms of the same way .
if you take all of these things into account , you can &apos;t have mistakes .
take a system like me , and you know , it &apos;s possible to make a mistake , take the health staff out of it , no one &apos;s left .
and you know , it &apos;s about people who don &apos;t want to talk about their own bad cases .
and i was like , &quot; white hair , black arts , &quot; here &apos;s the worst thing i &apos;ve done , &quot; and i can tell everyone to say , &quot; well , i can tell you how bad it is , how bad it &apos;s going to be done , &quot; and that &apos;s my heart disease . &quot;
and they could grow their babies , and then they look down , and they would look down , and they would like to tell their stories of difficulties .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share their stories .
they want to say , &quot; look , you &apos;re doing the mistake that i do . &quot;
they need a space where they can tell these things .
they need a culture of medicine that has been defined .
and that starts with a single doctor every time .
and again , a doctor knows that there &apos;s a human being defined , and he &apos;s proud of doing it , but he can learn from a lesson to learn from one of the other than one .
they share their experiences with others .
it &apos;s time for others to talk about their mistakes .
and it &apos;s not to pass through others &apos; mistakes , but it &apos;s a full of love , and everybody &apos;s interested in supporting their mistakes .
and as a human system that works in medicine , the human culture would accept that the people who worked as a human culture , and people will always do mistakes when they &apos;re done .
and the system has evolved to make people &apos;s experience easier , and it makes it easier for us to explore the health care system , and it &apos;s a potential mistake that everybody has done on their health care system , and that &apos;s why they &apos;re doing it for potential mistakes .
my name is brian brian tax .
i &apos;m a doctor named again .
i &apos;m a human . i &apos;m doing mistakes .
so i &apos;m sorry , but i &apos;m going to try to learn something to teach others about it .
i don &apos;t know what you think about me , but i can still live with it .
and let me give me the last three words of myself : i remember it .
this is a little idea i &apos;m going to talk about this day .
it &apos;s about changing level .
so i &apos;m going to take you three stories before i &apos;m going to put this idea in a minute .
and the first story is charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you know , there was this guy in 1945 .
you might think of the ant , but he was walking .
in fact , fish were collecting .
and he described it as a very common species .
this was the orfozuydi .
these fish were so widespread until the &apos; 80s .
now these fish are on the list of endangered species .
now we &apos;ve heard this story a lot of times , and there &apos;s no particular feature of the galapagos islands and other places .
but we still go to the galapagos .
we think it &apos;s broken .
and in the papers , they are shown as pure and clean .
so what &apos;s going on here ?
the second story is that it also shows a different concept , changing the scale .
i was here in 1987 , in the west africa , where i was doing my work .
because i grew up in europe and then wanted to work in africa .
i thought i &apos;d be able to adapt .
i went down to the sun in a bad way , and i actually convinced i was not there .
this was my first sun .
this was a gölcük , and it was kind of like the palm trees , and it was a little bit nervous .
there were about 20 meters of the size of the size of the size of the tuna , which is a türünden species .
this kind of fishing has been done well , and ghana &apos;s average was won more than ghana &apos;s average .
two years later , when i went there , the fish went down to half .
they were coming up to about five feet .
they were forced to be genetic .
they still had fish farm .
they were still happy .
fish were also happy to be there .
there was nothing changing , but everything changed .
my third story is that i &apos;m not going to be a criminal partner to share fish with southeast asia .
in the 1970s , actually , in the early 1960s , the european project has developed many projects .
the developments meant that the countries with 100,000 fishing fishermen would have to stop industrial fishing .
this is quite ugly , called the boat .
i opened up with this boat , and we &apos;ve done research in the south of china , particularly in the south sea of china .
we cannot describe the words that we &apos;re doing .
now i understand what we &apos;re doing now , we caught the bottom of the sea .
they were 90 percent of what they were doing , and they were all the other living in the sea .
in fact , most of the fish were on the ground , there were some small spots on the earth , and there were organisms .
the sea was empty , and then it turned back into the sea .
these pictures are extraordinary because they &apos;re very fast .
you &apos;re doing research within a year , and commercial fishing starts .
the sea &apos;s six soft , or soft coral , turned into soft water .
this is a dead elephant .
they were killed , and they went back to the sea .
we once caught live .
it wasn &apos;t yet .
they wanted to kill food .
they &apos;re not in places where they &apos;re going to do a lot of fishing , but they &apos;re not in the place where they &apos;re going to go .
we change our world , and we forget that .
we bring the ocean base to a new level , and we don &apos;t remember the old age .
if we do it , it &apos;s like this .
let &apos;s think that there &apos;s good things on the axis : the diversity , the number of killer whales , the country &apos;s water resources .
it &apos;s changing over time -- the reason for change is that people are doing or natural conditions .
every generation takes pictures of conscious life , and it &apos;s standard .
at that time , he sees the difference between the missing .
but before that , it doesn &apos;t see the missing ones .
there may be changes in the back .
and then finally , you look at it , you know , you &apos;re actually going to be able to protect the poor .
now that &apos;s what we do .
it &apos;s not like we want to continue , or what we want to do now .
history can also affect humans , and they killed animals , and they were not aware of what they were doing .
because there &apos;s a lot of animals that have been present as a natural animal , and the number of animals is reduced before .
so you don &apos;t lose a lot of animals .
you &apos;ve always lost the number of animals .
so they &apos;re not as a big loss .
over time , we focus on major animals , and that means big fish in the sea .
the number of these is reduced because they &apos;re able to eat them .
over time , a couple of fish , we call it a seviyesi .
the question is , why do people don &apos;t care about this ?
because we don &apos;t know it &apos;s different than that before .
in fact , many people say this is actually a lot of different scientists .
they tell you this because the evidence that they want before will be presented .
for example , i don &apos;t know if the captain said that it &apos;s too many fish here before , it &apos;s not by scientists , because it &apos;s not scientific products .
so we don &apos;t know that despite the history of societies , we don &apos;t know the history of the past because they don &apos;t believe in the resources of the past .
because of that , protection plays a key role .
because we create the history of protected areas .
we &apos;re creating the history of people who don &apos;t see where the base is changing , and because it &apos;s so far down .
and they can be able to make sure that they can get protected information , so they can change their base levels .
so what about people who don &apos;t have access to them -- like the west ?
for them , i think art can fill the space for them , and they can fill the space .
this is a simulation of the adriatic sea .
in the past , 500 years ago , there were gray whales in the sea .
you notice that colors and color are similar to the god .
if you think of god , why do you remember the story of people who were so impressed by him , why were they so impressed by those images ?
because it reminded them of the lost things .
so my proposal is to be my only proposal , which will be james cameron to pull out of the earth underwater .
thank you very much .
in the 1980s , if you have a license in eastern germany , you have to put it into the government .
you &apos;ve got to make an example of a text written in the paper .
and it was something that the government did to find the source of the text .
when they found a false idea , they would have thought of it , and they &apos;d be able to figure out the idea of the post .
and we don &apos;t understand how one can do it in the west , how it will limit freedom of expression .
we never did that in our own countries .
but today in 2011 , if you buy any major printer , and you buy a laser , and you &apos;re going to have a yellow page on top of it , and you &apos;re going to be able to put a page on top of it .
that &apos;s what &apos;s happening today .
and it seems that nobody knows this .
and this is an example of our governments that show us one of the ways of using technology to use our citizens .
and this is one of three main sources of online problems today .
if we look at what &apos;s really happening in the online world , we can take basic attacks by taking the attacks .
we have three main groups .
they have online criminals .
as in this case , mr. ukraine , mr. dimitris droutsas from the city of ukraine .
it &apos;s not very hard to understand and understand why online criminals and crime .
these guys earn money .
they actually use online attacks to make a lot of money .
in fact , there are many cases of dollars who won online attacks .
here are estonia , vladimir putin .
this is alfred moisiu .
this is stephen power .
this is hans rosling .
and this is matthew johnson , and that goes on .
these guys get online wealth , but they do it in a way that they do it in online ways , while we &apos;re using the banking card , they &apos;re using a banking card , like the banking card , and they &apos;re using the virus to get information on the computer .
two months ago in the u.s. secret service , i was able to frozen the bank account of mr. sam &apos;s bank account , and that &apos;s when the bank was frozen in the bank account .
mr. mr. prime minister doesn &apos;t know where there is -- nobody knows where it is .
and even today i claim that any of us in the online world is even more likely to have a crime victim in the real world .
and clearly , the situation is getting worse .
in the future , most of the crimes will be transferred online .
it &apos;s not money that makes the second largest group of aggressive crime that we &apos;re watching every day .
the reason for them is they are -- the causes of protest , the reasons , the reason .
the groups , such as anonymous , grew up in 12 months , and were among the online attacks .
so these are the three main attacks : they are the internet , the last group of states who have been protesting for criminals , like anonymous , but the hackers who have been doing the attacks .
and we &apos;re looking at similar cases where we are taking place in istanbul .
this is the best example of what happens when the government attacked its citizens .
one institution in the netherlands -- it was more than -- it was that .
they were bankrupt last fall because they were attacked .
one of them was able to go into the virus systems , and it was completely infected .
and at a meeting last week , i asked dutch government representatives to ask the dutch leaders to find that he was not convinced that he was going to kill people because of the attack .
and he did his answer .
how would people die of a attack like this ?
she &apos;s a institution of a institution .
they sell it . they sell it .
what do you do ?
if you have a safe website , like a email , you need a database of your users .
now all of us , or most of us , we use email or email , but we use one of them , which is particularly popular in foreign governments like iran , because they know that they are more reliable from local governments to local governments , because they know their connections .
but if they &apos;re going to attack a foreign minister , they &apos;re going to die .
they can make false documents , they can do it .
and that &apos;s exactly what happened in his trial .
what about the arab spring and events , for example , egypt ?
in egypt , the rebels destroyed their secret police headquarters in april 2011 and found a lot of paper .
there was a file , titled &quot; the paper . &quot;
and in this case , there was a company owned by germany , and this was a team of tools sold to the egyptian government for prevention , and it was largely communication of all citizens of the country .
this vehicle was sold to the egyptian government for 400m euros .
the company &apos;s centers are right here .
so the western governments are providing these tools for their own citizens to use them to their own citizens .
but western governments do that too .
in germany , for example , in germany a few weeks ago , he was found to explore a virus by german government officials to explore the virus .
if you &apos;re in a public trial , you know , your mobile phone will be monitored .
but today , the situation goes beyond that .
the internet will follow .
and they &apos;re going to use tools to bring your computer to your computer , which will allow them to monitor all the internet , to listen to online and listen .
now , when we think about these things that are serious about this , the obvious answer is that we need to get people to get , &quot; okay , that &apos;s bad , but it doesn &apos;t affect me because i am a citizen .
why am i worried ?
because i don &apos;t have to wait . &quot;
and that &apos;s a sense of an argument .
we &apos;re talking about it .
privacy is not clear .
the question of security is , right ?
this is the question of freedom .
and right now , in 2011 , we can have confidence from our governments to every right that we have .
do we trust the government in the future and a future government that we will have 50 years later , do we trust the government ?
so we &apos;re worried about the next 50 years for these questions .
this may be interesting to you , but i love the blocks of concrete .
the first blocks were made in 1960 , the simple idea : it &apos;s going to be connected with each other , with a ölçüyle of concrete blocks .
the blocks were built in a short period of time , the building materials used in the world .
they allowed us to do big things like bridges , like ourselves .
the blocks are basically the building blocks of our society .
almost 100 years later , the lego came out .
they called it an automatic connection .
and eventually , in the end of the year , he found guilty to himself in every home .
according to estimates , there have been 400 billion building buildings in the world -- 75 billion people per capita .
you don &apos;t have to be a engineer , building bridges , building buildings .
the lego made it possible .
the lego block , in fact , has made it a building blocks of the world , and put it into a concrete building .
at the same time , the next revolution at bell labs was to be revealed , next building .
it would bring us into a little plastic unit , which would bring us into a interactive world where everything has been placed on each other .
the bloc would allow you to do so much , very large , complex wire , with wall blocks .
well , the difference was this : it was just the cognitive experts .
i don &apos;t think we &apos;re going to be just experts for our time , so i decided to change that .
when i was eight years ago , i started thinking about the power of engineers to give artists and designers to design the lab .
a few years ago , i started to start developing the littlebits .
let me show you how they work .
each has its own electronic functions .
so they were designed to have light , the engine , the engine and the functions .
the most wonderful properties of this is that they can go through each other .
so you can &apos;t put it wrong .
these blocks were created with color .
green is blue , blue power , blue cable , orange cable .
so you can make the only green light that you have to do , and you can make it easier for you to get green .
you can put green light into the green light .
you can put them in a button and put some light on them .
you can transform the button into a coup probe , and you can use light here .
and you can go a little bit further and do a noise machine , and you can do it .
i &apos;ll stop here .
in addition to this simple game , it &apos;s a really powerful one .
it allows you to program your simple actions , rather than connect with networks , to connect with networks .
it &apos;s only able to slow down and speed up this button to slow down , so it &apos;s getting faster or slow down .
it &apos;s a library that &apos;s growing behind sale .
we want to make the interaction in every world , to make building blocks ready .
the lights , the solar panels , solar panels , it must be accessible to everything .
we &apos;re watching kids to play with them .
this is a great experience .
they start to understand electronic electronics around them , not in this school .
so for example , they understand how one night sky works , or how it &apos;s going on , or how it &apos;s going to get out of the window , or how it &apos;s going to touch it .
we go to design schools .
for example , designers are starting to play with a material , which has nothing to do with electronic electronics .
here , we see a kumbarayı from paper , and this is a kumbarayı .
we took it a few weeks ago , and we gave some engineers -- some engineering experience , some designers , and we said , &quot; do something with paper . &quot;
and here you see a project where they &apos;re doing , in action , a konfeti ball .
this is my favorite project .
the game was made from the dark , afraid of the darkness .
this is just a different material for the engineer , not the engineers .
we want everybody to reach this material .
that &apos;s why it &apos;s open .
you can go to the website of the internet and change your design files .
we want to encourage designers , they can benefit because this is our interactive world we live on the planet .
so start to create it .
thank you .
