do you know how many choices you have in a normal day ?
how many choices do you have in a normal week ?
i &apos;ve done a research with more than 4,000 americans recently , and the average number of choices is a normal one in a normal day .
there &apos;s another study that &apos;s recently done with ceos , and they &apos;ve followed the development of ceos throughout the entire week .
and these scientists basically recorded the time they spent the time they had all the tasks and tasks that the ceos were doing .
an average ceo has found that nearly 3.6 positions have been involved in a week .
each task of course was of course .
50 percent of the decisions that they gave was taken in the nine minutes or less .
only 12 per cent of the decisions were taken within an hour or more .
think about your own choice .
how many of you are in the nine minute category , or a one-hour category ?
what do you do when you do these elections ?
today , i want to talk about one of the biggest problems in modern life , a lot of options .
i want to talk about this problem and a possible solution .
when i talk about it , i &apos;m going to have questions to you and i want to know the answers .
so when i ask a question , when i ask a question , you can remove your hand .
or , if i ask a question , i &apos;ll ask you to please .
my first question is : are you ready to talk about the problem of having a lot of options ?
thank you .
at stanford university , i had a very distinguished supermarket at the university of stanford , at least at that time .
it &apos;s a store called jaeger &apos;s .
it was something like going to this store .
there were more than 250 different kinds of mustard and vegetables , 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables , and we were eating water at that time .
i love to go to this store , and i once asked myself , how do i get out of nothing ?
this is olive oil .
there were more than 75 types of olive oil that was sold in a fixed box .
i decided to visit a store manager someday , and i asked him , &quot; do you really work to give people so many choices ? &quot;
they showed a full number of visitors with their cameras every day .
we decided to do a small experiment , and we chose accessories for this .
this is the ketchup sauce .
he had 42 kinds of pies .
for my taste , we set up a small band close to the entrance of the store .
we put it here in two or 24 different acids , and we observed two things , and the first one was , what kind of people are , and they eat the fruits ?
while there are more people , more people have stopped , about 60 percent of their people have been , while there are about 40 per cent .
the other thing we observed was , what conditions do we buy more people ?
so we &apos;re seeing the opposite effect .
only 3 percent of those who were in the milk bought fruit .
the 99 percent of those who were in the milk bought a jar .
if you do the calculation , it &apos;s not -- it &apos;s 40 times as many people buy , when you &apos;re given it .
it &apos;s probably a good choice to pick up the fruits , which is probably the best choice of our own , but it seems to be affecting the decisions that have a lot of choice problems .
we choose not to choose , even if it &apos;s our benefit .
now we &apos;re going to look at our current status .
i &apos;m going to explain the work we &apos;ve done with the sheikh sachs , emir kamenica and wei wei , all about a million americans in the united states , and we examined the retirement program , which is about a million americans in the united states .
in a pension program , as the number of funds offered in the plan , the number of funds offered by the people was more or less expensive .
what we find is that there &apos;s a relationship with them .
so the plan was to give people a different option of between 40 and 59 .
we &apos;ve seen that when we &apos;re given more funding options , turnout is less .
if you look at the most extreme situations -- the plans for the fund -- that &apos;s about 40 percent -- that &apos;s not as high as we want .
the plans , which include about 60 funds , fall by 60 per cent .
even if you have decided to participate , there are more options , even if you have decided to participate .
in those who choose to participate , the options are far from the stock exchange and capital capital funds , as the options are more likely .
the more options are available to the bank accounts and take them into account accounts .
none of the vote in this part is the same that none of us advise to improve the future financial situation of any of us .
in the last decade , we &apos;ve seen three main negative consequences of giving people more choices .
people are going to pick up the election , even if they fall in their own interests .
they make worse choices , more bad financial choices , medical choices .
they are making less satisfying elections , even when they hold better choices .
the main reason is : we may like to see the giant canyon , which is the mustard , the mustard , the fruit , the fruit , the giant giant giant giant giant , and we can &apos;t do anything that &apos;s fascinating .
i want to suggest that all four simple technical numbers that i want to suggest today are in different ways of research in different ways of research .
number one : reduce .
you &apos;ve heard about it before , but it never has been as meaningful as today , &quot; less , better . &quot;
when i say &quot; reduction &quot; , people always laugh .
they are afraid to lose their shelf sizes .
but what we &apos;re seeing is that when you choose to reduce the reduction , you get rid of the choices , the transaction is getting up , the costs are getting up , and the costs are getting better .
morin &amp; amp ; gamble was a 10 percent increase in sales when he decided to sell 15 types of steel &amp; amp ; amp &amp; amp ; .
the golden cat corporation has increased by 40 per cent in the snow , with less than 10 per cent of the 10 cat sand .
today , a supermarket offer you an average of 5,000 products .
typically , a typical warner offer you 10,000 products .
but today , the world &apos;s largest 45 vendor , and we only offer 1,400 products , we only have a kind of butter .
and when we came to financial resources , we saw one of the best examples , david kamkwamba , who was at harvard , where he gave the choices of the options in the program .
now , every worker at harvard is automatically involved in a living fund .
there are 20 choices for those who want to do the choice , not 300 or more .
you know , people say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to slow down .
they &apos;re all very important choices . &quot;
the first thing i did was to ask employees , &quot; what is the difference of the other ?
if your employees don &apos;t make them separate , you don &apos;t have your consumers . &quot;
before the afternoon , we spoke with gary before the afternoon .
gary said , he said , &quot; he wanted to give the audience a holiday for all of the world &apos;s best way .
this is what the road is .
i want you to read .
so , after a few seconds i &apos;ll give you a few seconds , if you accept gary &apos;s proposal .
so who agrees ?
is it all that ?
so let me show you a little more .
you know it &apos;s a number , you know .
now , who wants to go to this trip ?
i think i &apos;ve heard more of this time .
okay .
now , you know more about the first time in the first time , but my guess is that my guess is more real .
because images felt more like this .
so this brings me to a lot of options -- it brings it to the technique , which is a lot of options .
people need to understand the outcome of every choice to understand the difference of options , and every result needs to be alive , tangible .
why do people spend 15 percent more money when they use credit card or atm card or atm card ?
because it doesn &apos;t seem like real money .
so , to emphasize , it can actually be an effective way to make people more affordable .
we &apos;ve done a study with memes and with alessandro coppola and alessandro carlo , all the employees in ing , and they &apos;re recording for a session of the people at a session .
in this session , we put everything in the same way , just adding something .
what we added was that we wanted people to think about all the good things that would happen if they could make money .
by doing this simple thing , 20 percent increased its participation , and participants willing to invest 4 percent more .
third technical : separation into categories .
we can do better than categories .
so there &apos;s a study that we &apos;ve done in the magazine market .
do you know what the u.s. companies in the north of the united states do , but do you know what &apos;s going on from the magazine ?
it turns out that 200 companies can divide it into 10 categories , or take 400 companies into 20 categories , and it looks more like 400 .
because categories tell me how to separate them .
there are two different masterpieces of jewellery .
one is called &quot; jazz , &quot; another one .
if you &apos;re on the left , the image on the left is the jazz , and you &apos;re in the right .
well , a few .
if you &apos;re a jazz on the left , you &apos;re in the right .
well , it &apos;s a little more .
you know .
the jazz on the left is jazz , but you know ?
this is a very unnecessary category .
the options are not to offer options .
we see this problem on the long fund list .
are they preparing to inform some ?
my fourth technique : preparation it .
it turns out that , with much more information than we think , it just takes a little bit of a little bit .
we need to increase the difficulty level .
let me give you an example that i mentioned .
take a very complicated choice : search .
here &apos;s a german manufacturer offering you the opportunity to design your car .
you make 60 different choices by making your car .
in each of these decisions , the number of options presented to you is different .
the color of the car is the color of the outside , you have 56 choices .
engine -- four options .
now i &apos;m going to do that , i &apos;m going to change the sequence of these decisions .
half of the customers will be able to choose one of the 56 from 56 to four seconds .
the other half of the customers will first go to the option , from 4 to 4 , with a few choices .
what do i look like ?
it &apos;s about how much you are .
if you have the option , you have to say , you have to say , you know , i &apos;m losing you .
what you find is that when you go to a very simple choice , people are looking for choices .
we lose them .
when you go to the very option , it doesn &apos;t matter the interest .
same information , the same number of options .
the only thing i do is change the quality of information .
you &apos;re learning to decide .
the wheel is not telling me how i want the inner design of the car , but it &apos;s preparing to choose me .
i &apos;m excited about this big product that i &apos;ve created , and i &apos;m willing to do so .
well , let me tell you .
i &apos;ve talked about four techniques to solve the problem of a lot of options -- the reduction of &quot; unnecessary options &quot; -- to figure out what &apos;s going on -- it &apos;s simple -- it &apos;s more easy to connect to categories -- it &apos;s easier to connect to categories .
all these techniques that i describe today are designed to deal with the options ; you can use it better for you , you can use your clients .
because i think you need to be selective to choose to get the best result of a vote .
if we choose , we can be more successful in the art of choice .
thank you very much .
hi , i &apos;m kevin bayes , i &apos;m on youtube , and i &apos;m professionally watching youtube videos .
that &apos;s true .
we &apos;re going to talk a little bit about how the videos spread , and why it &apos;s important .
we all want to be stars -- famous , singer , comedian -- and i &apos;m young , and i was young , and it seemed very difficult .
but the internet has made it like that , and any creative thing that we do , or any creative thing we do , can be fully famous .
and by the next saturday , you may be in the internet .
but every minute , every minute you have over 48 hours of youtube .
and it &apos;s just a very small percentage of these things , and it &apos;s been a cultural moment , and it becomes a cultural moment .
so how does this happen ?
thanks to three things : trend , accession communities and anticipation .
okay , let &apos;s start .
oh , oh my god , oh my god .
oh my god !
goodbye !
yay !
last year , he sent this video out of his home in the bull rico national park .
in 2010 , 23 million times .
this is a picture of how it looks to be popular for the first time last summer .
but he didn &apos;t actually do this video to spread the video .
he just wanted to share a rainbow .
because when your name is in the dodo mountains , you do this .
and he actually sent a lot of nature videos .
and this video is actually the last january , what happened here ?
actually , jimmy mizzone was in fact .
jimmy mizzone , at the end of the end , threw the video that makes the video popular as popular .
because the trend , such as jimmy mizzone , is to see us with new and interesting things , and they communicate with the broader masses .
today , friday , friday , friday , we need to act . this is friday . everyone waits for the weekend , friday , friday , friday , and i hope we can &apos;t talk about this video . we &apos;re really excited about this video .
rebecca black &apos;s &quot; friday &quot; is one of the most popular videos of the year .
nearly 200 million times this year .
this is how it looks .
as it is on the &quot; double rainbow &quot; video , it seems to be suddenly emerging .
so what happened that day ?
that day , that &apos;s true .
and if you &apos;re wondering about these bumps , they &apos;re friday .
so what about friday , when that video was spread ?
he took him and started talking about it .
michael j. nelson of the mystery science theater was one of the first jokes on this video .
but what &apos;s important is that the trend in individual or group has set a point of view , and by accelerating the process , they have shared the broader masses .
and so there was a community of people who shared the big puzzle , and they started talking about it and doing something about it .
and there are now 10,000 caricatures on youtube .
even in the first seven days , there was a parody for other days of the week .
unlike the only one-way recreation of the 20th century , this community engagement shows that we are part of a phenomenon -- or by doing something new with it .
&quot; kqiku cat &quot; is a single perfect piece of music .
that &apos;s exactly what it looks like .
nearly 50 million times this year .
and if you think that &apos;s weird , you know , there &apos;s three hours of version of this , which is four million times .
even cats were watching this video .
cats followed other cats watching this video .
but what &apos;s important here is that this technician , the computer built the inspiration of the internet culture .
they had songs .
one was the old time .
and then it became international .
it &apos;s a big batch of remix that makes it just a stupid joke , and something that makes it really part of it .
because we &apos;re not just enjoying fun , but we agree .
and who could guess that ?
who could imagine the &quot; double rainbow &quot; or rebecca black ?
what scenario would you write in it ?
in a world where every minute of the video has been filled with two days of video , it can only be very unique and unexpected .
when a friend told me that a man who protested the bicycle sentences in new york city was supposed to be a great video , and i should admit that i was not very interested .
there &apos;s a ticket to drive the bicycle , but there are obstacles that don &apos;t really stop the bicycle road .
as a whole , funny , funny , casey bayer has shot the funny idea and its purpose seven million times .
and this new approach applies to every new thing that we do in a creative way .
and all of this brings us to a big question .
what does that mean ?
oh .
what does that mean ?
the trend defines the ability of creative participating communities , the complete renewal , the new kinds of media and new kinds of culture that everyone can access to .
i mean , even as i mentioned earlier , justin bieber , who was one of the world &apos;s biggest composers , did the introduction of youtube .
no one has to give the green light .
and now we &apos;re all in our own pop culture .
and these are not the characteristics of the old media , and it &apos;s pretty much not true for today &apos;s media , but they &apos;re going to describe the notion of entertainment .
thank you .
how do i tell you how the woman &apos;s relationship with the three of the three generations , the amazing power of these connections , was a little girl in the gulf of china , and his mother , her mother , and her sister , who had been in the middle of this little girl in san francisco , where he was a little girl in the last 10 minutes , and he &apos;s going to talk to you about the other little girl who &apos;s a little girl in the life of san francisco ?
this is not a finished story .
this is a ring that &apos;s still brought together .
let me tell you some of these parts .
imagine the first piece : a man ruins the work of his life .
he was a poet , a playwright , a man who was in the hopes of his country &apos;s union and freedom .
imagine it as an anti-communist , which faces the fact that life has a full waste of time .
words , longtime friends , were now ridiculed to him .
he was buried in silence .
he died because of the history of history .
that guy was my grandfather .
i had no chance of recognition .
but our lives are much more than our memories .
my grandmother never allowed him to forget his life .
my mission didn &apos;t allow him to , and the lesson that i needed to do was learn , yes , history tried to destroy us , but we had a breast .
the other part of the puzzle is a ship that is floating in the sea at dawn time .
my mother was 18 years old when she died , when she died , and she had married two girls .
for her , life was just a single duty : the escape and a new life in australia .
it wouldn &apos;t be a genius for him to do it .
after a four-year myth against phantom , a ship of ship boat was opened to sea .
all the adults were aware of the risks .
the biggest fear of fear was pirates , rape and death .
like a lot of adults in the ship , my mother had a little bottle of poison .
well , the girl , my sister , and me , and then i was drinking it .
my first memories -- the constant rhythm of the engine , the constant rhythm of the engine , every wave , is the vast horizon .
i don &apos;t remember many times that the men who attacked the ship , or the man who had been attacked by the ship , were broken down and worked for six hours .
i remember the lights of the oil tower on the coast of malaysia and the young man who died in the sea , and i remember the journey for him , and i remember the first bottle that i was eating .
it didn &apos;t taste any apples .
after three months of refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
the other part of the puzzle is about a new life of four women from the three generations .
we moved to airstream , a labor worker of the immigrant community .
there was nothing to do with the middle class middle class , where i was aware of the existence of its existence .
smoke from the shop door was coming from the rest of the world .
and in the english word , english words , which are the only common points , have been exchange between people who are starting to live .
my mother worked in the farms , and then six days , the couple car installations on the line line .
in some way , he found time in english , and he gained competence technology .
we were poor .
all the dollars were set aside , and the budget was adjusted , based on things that were missing , and they were used in our budget classes , and they were often the second hand , the second hand .
there are two pair bags that are trying to hide the holes in the school .
it &apos;s a school that goes up to the sticks , because it wore for six years .
and they were very rare , and they had the walls of the wall and the wall , and they had the walls of the wall . &quot;
where is the home ?
something was happening .
he had a pile of a decision , and he said , &quot; i &apos;m going to ignore you . &quot;
my mother , my sister and i were in the same bed .
my mother would be too tired every night , but still telling each other how today it &apos;s going on , and we listen to the sounds of my grandmother &apos;s house .
my mother had seen nightmares on the ship at night .
and my job was to feel awake when those nightmares started to see .
he opened a computer shop , and he got trained to become an expert of beauty .
and women brought their stories to their stories and the stories of the young men who were angry and stubborn , because they didn &apos;t manage to adapt .
the aid and sponsors were searched .
centers were established .
i lived in parallel worlds .
in one , i was a middle-aged student from asia , who was ruthless in their expectations .
so , i went to the web of the victims , the victims of the drugs , the victims of the drugs and the aggression .
but over the years , it has been helped .
and thanks to this work , i was chosen as a young australian artist in the last year of the year .
and one part of the puzzle came from one part of the puzzle , and it didn &apos;t fit with the sides of the parts .
he was invited to house with le le , who had never heard of his name and presence in places where he had never heard of his name and presence in order to speak to a refugee and social activist .
i didn &apos;t know the protocols .
i didn &apos;t know to use knife .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about wine .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
and i wanted to go back to an unknown memory , and i wanted to go back to my life -- almost 20 years ago , when i was able to tell each other how today was a grandmother , a mother and two girls , who were still sleeping in the same bed .
i said i couldn &apos;t do that .
he reminded me that i was at the same age when we landed on the ship .
&quot; no &quot; never had a choice .
he said , &quot; do just do it , &quot; and it &apos;s like , &quot; it &apos;s like it &apos;s . &quot;
so i have expressed the fact that young people have lost education and education and their rights .
and i was asked to talk more about more visceral , more speaking .
i met people every community , most of them were doing what they loved , and they had a life full of them .
and even though i finished finishing school , i realized i didn &apos;t want a career in law .
it had to be another part of the puzzle .
and at the same time , i realized that being foreign , to be new , is a good thing to have , and it &apos;s not just a good thing , but it &apos;s also a gift that comes from the ship .
because it can mean to be a very easy space to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to easily accept the possibilities of the expertise field .
i went out as far as i could know from the safe zone : yes , the world is separated from each other .
the possibilities for the name were extraordinarily reinforced .
there was a energy there , an unpleasant notion of optimism , humility and humility .
and i followed my internal self .
i created a small team of small teams , a small team that would be able to make it possible .
we &apos;ve never gained money for a year .
at the end of every day , i would make a bowl soup that we all shared .
we worked late every night .
most of our ideas were crazy , but the little part was , and we did the big bang .
after a single trip , the u.s.
i got the decision .
again , i listened to my self .
three months later , i was moved and the adventure was going on .
let me tell you about my grandmother before i finished .
the social norms and the person who is important have grown to the same time as the mau .
life hasn &apos;t changed .
his father died shortly after she was born .
her mother just raised her .
she was the second wife of a 17-year-old mau , and her mother was abusing her .
because he had never received support from her husband , he brought him to court and created a sensational conspiracy , and he was able to win a greater outcry .
it turns out it &apos;s wrong .
when i was born in melbourne about 600 miles away , i was at a hotel hotel in sydney .
i looked outside the morning , and i saw it on the other side .
i knew he came to farewell .
after the minutes , my mother called me .
a few days later , we went to a buddhist temple in deneb and sat around the coffin .
we were telling stories , and we wanted him to make sure that he was still with us .
half the night , he said , he had to come up and close the coffin .
my mother wanted to keep my grandmother &apos;s hand .
&quot; why the rest of the time is so hot ? &quot; he asked .
he said , &quot; because you &apos;ve ever been on the day . &quot;
&quot; let me go . &quot;
if there &apos;s a energy in our family , it makes transition between these women .
we can now see us that all the things that might have happened in our lives , because we know who we are and how life shapes us .
it &apos;s going to be very easy .
now i want my own kids , and i think of the ship .
who wants this thing for children ?
still , i &apos;m afraid of privilege , from freedom , aid .
can i give every wave of a deck that they can get in their lives , and can give you a broad distance , which is not going to be able to give any sense of the engine or the engine that doesn &apos;t really guarantee anything ?
i don &apos;t know .
but i thought it would be safe , and i would do it again .
and also , dan &apos;s mother is the fourth or fifth place in us .
i &apos;m here to share my photography .
is this photography ?
because , of course , this picture is not a photo that you can take .
yet , my interest in photography started when i was 15 when i was 15 .
i had the previous passion of drawing , but it was a little different , because the process was planning .
and when you take a picture of a photo camera , the process is at the end .
for me , photography was the right thing to be right at the right time .
i thought it could do that .
so i wanted to create something different , which is something that the process started when you put it on the screen .
photos like this : construction work on a busy road .
but it has a unexpected game .
and yet , there &apos;s a level of reality .
or pictures like this -- both dark and dark , but the common goal of capturing the level of realism .
and as realism , i mean realism .
because , of course , this isn &apos;t really something you can achieve , but i would like it to look like a photo camera .
here are pictures that you have to think about a short time .
so it &apos;s really a moment to capture a moment .
so what &apos;s the trick that makes it look real ?
is it something about these things or color ?
is it something about light ?
what creates the illusion ?
sometimes it &apos;s an illusion illusion .
but finally , everything is about how we interpret the world and how it can be done in two-dimensional surface .
that &apos;s what we think is truly realistic , not really realistic .
so i think it &apos;s very simple .
i see this as a kind of thing that we put together in order to take different parts of reality and create another reality .
let me show you a simple example .
we have three wonderful things that we have here , and we all have something that we can share with life in a three-dimensional world .
but when they merge in certain ways , they can still create something that looks three-dimensional .
but we also know that it can &apos;t happen .
so we &apos;re missing our brains , because our brains don &apos;t accept the fact that it doesn &apos;t really make sense .
and i can see the same process together .
it &apos;s actually about combining different realities .
so what makes a picture realistic , i think , is things that we don &apos;t think about in our daily lives .
but by combining photos , it &apos;s really important to think , because otherwise it looks wrong .
so what i want to say is there are three simple rules that have to follow to achieve realistic results .
you see , there &apos;s no special one of these pictures .
but they &apos;re creating something like this .
so the first rule has to be the perspectives of the unified photographs .
secondly , the lights of the pictures have to be the same kind of thing .
and in these two pictures , there are these two conditions -- they were taken from the same altitude and the same light .
and the third is that it &apos;s not going to be a place where it &apos;s not going to be clear , it &apos;s about making different images impossible where it starts .
it &apos;s impossible to make sure that the picture is in the back of the picture .
in the boundaries between different images , the color and the clarity of the color , the clarity of the space , the depth of the space , the depth of the surface , and we make it look like a single individual , we make a single picture , and we make it look like hundreds of surfaces , even though hundreds of layers of the single picture are essentially made .
here &apos;s another example .
people can think that this is an image of a land and the lower part is the lower side .
but in fact , this picture is completely , very different parts of different places .
i personally think it &apos;s easier to create a place , because you don &apos;t have to make concessions in your mind .
but it requires a lot of planning .
and i knew that this idea was a few months ago , when i was in the winter , and i knew that there was a few months to come up with a different range of things that would actually form parts of it .
for example , the official fish was taken to the official fish .
the beaches are different from different locations .
the water was taken in a stone mill .
and yeah , i even converted the house on the top of the island to look at the more swedish style .
so getting a realistic result is because of planning .
it &apos;s always a draft , it starts with an idea .
then you get different pictures .
and there was a very good plan .
and if you take a good job when you take pictures , it &apos;s pretty good , and it can be quite realistic .
so we have all the equipment that we need , and the only thing that limits us is imagination .
thank you .
i want to talk to you why a lot of health projects fail .
and i think the most important thing is that we have stopped listening to patients .
and one of the things we did at the university of dabene was a listening official .
it &apos;s not a scientific way ; it &apos;s a little bit of coffee or coffee , and he &apos;s preparing for patients , and he asks , &quot; how does it go ?
how can we help you ? &quot;
and to tell us , we want to think about this , that &apos;s all -- maybe not all -- but a lot of the big problems that led to the failure of the health project .
this is my wifi mode . it &apos;s very simple .
there &apos;s one button , open / closed .
and every morning , i go on it .
and yes , i have a goal , you see .
and my goal is to be 95 pounds .
but it &apos;s something that &apos;s so easy , when i go on top of my data , to google health .
doctors also take this data , so i can see what i have in terms of weight , but not at the moment that i need medical support or something , but also looking at the past .
but there &apos;s something else .
as some of you know , there are more than 4,000 followers on twitter .
every morning , my wifi , and i &apos;m going to get a car , people start talking with me , people start talking with me , &quot; i think today , we need a light lunch . &quot;
but the most subtle behavior that can happen is because this fellow pressure is used to help patients in the past ; it can be used for the patients to stop smoking , to stop patients .
but on the other hand , it can be used to make people work with a kind of game activity to remove and get more control over their health .
starting next week , it will be ready for use .
it &apos;s going to be a little bit of a little bit of this little dose that &apos;s attached to the iphone or something .
and people will be able to get their own home , their health , to their doctors , and eventually , for example , on a hundred dollars .
and at this point patients will go to the position and get their own control , not just the captain of their own fleet , but also health insurance will help us in the field of health , and the problems that we &apos;re facing are the health insurance .
the use of use is easy to develop and start getting patients in the team .
and you can do this with these kinds of techniques , but you can do it with mass extinctions .
i want to share one of the things that we do with a short video .
we all have navigation controls in the car .
we even have a mobile phone .
we know the parts of all the atms in the maastricht city .
another thing we know is where the gas stations are .
and of course , we can find fast food restaurants .
but where could it be the closest gps to help the patient ?
we asked people , no one knew .
no one knew where the nearest living eod , which should be found right now .
so we did all the netherlands in mass funding .
we set up a website , and we asked the audience , &quot; if you &apos;re a kps , please tell you where you &apos;re , please , where you &apos;re open , you &apos;re going to say , &quot; because sometimes it &apos;s closed at times .
and the place in the netherlands has already been sent to more than 10,000 megawatts .
the next step we had was to find applications for him .
we did a ipad app .
we &apos;ve done an enhanced reality , and we &apos;ve done a practice for the wmap .
if you &apos;re in a city like maastricht , you can use your iphone , you can use your iphone , and within a few weeks , you can find the closest , the nearest gps that can save your cell phone .
so , starting from now , we want to show you this , not just as a watt , but it &apos;s the name of this product .
we want to launch this worldwide .
we want the world to help us all around the world to help us to do all the things that we have in the world , to try to do all of this kind of mass in the world , to try and act like a center of people .
whenever you go and someone gets confused , you may have your own relatives or just someone you can find .
another thing that we want to do is companies all over the world that can help confirm them .
it may be the people who do the ambulance services or the cable , and it &apos;s not just the gps that &apos;s been sent , but to see if it &apos;s not .
please help us , and just to make health better , but to gain control .
thank you .
i &apos;m going to talk about unexpected discoveries today .
i work in the solar technology industry .
and the little start point is to find ways to engage ourselves in the environment .
so , by taking into account the mass mass of mass .
this is a short video of what we do .
wait for a minute .
it can take a little time to download .
in fact , we can go -- i &apos;ll get the video , instead of it .
no .
but that &apos;s ...
okay .
solar technology ...
ah , did you get my time ?
okay . thank you very much .
so a few years ago , i started a program that would allow people in the field of bright technology and design to make sure that they would be able to use all the things that are expected to be almost hate , and we run them in state institutions .
this program is the program for america , and this is a bit of technology , and it &apos;s kind of like peace .
every year we choose a couple of friends , and we allow them to work together together .
we send them to the third world , we send the city buildings into the soul .
and they create great applications with the city employees .
but what they &apos;re doing is they &apos;re showing what &apos;s possible today with technology .
get married with al .
al boston is a fire hydrant in the city of boston .
here it looks like al qaeda , but in fact he &apos;s going to be able to stop the snow that he wanted , because he knows that he &apos;s going to be able to do so much of the fire in the snow , because he knows it can &apos;t do much in the fight against the snow .
now , how did al come to the point of helping this very unique path ?
last year we had a team working in boston as part of the program for america .
in february , they were there , and last february a lot snow snow .
and they realize that the mayor doesn &apos;t actually dig these fires .
but in particular , a friend , erik olaf , had something else , and that was the fact that the citizens were cleaning the sidewalks in front of these fires .
so he did a good computer programmer , he wrote a practice .
it &apos;s a little , lovely app that you can get to adopt a fire hydrant .
so when you &apos;re in snow , you &apos;ve admitted that you &apos;re going to dig this faucet up .
if you do that , you deserve the right to name the name , and erik has named the first fire tube .
if you don &apos;t , someone can play it .
there are also a cute little game dynamics in this practice .
this is a modest little practice .
this is probably the smallest of 21 applications that friends wrote last year .
but this practice does something that no institutional technology can do .
it &apos;s spreading online .
it &apos;s someone working in the hawaiian city it department , and it turns out that it &apos;s not for snow , but it turns out that the residents of the city can use the tsunami to adopt the tsunami .
the work of these tsunami workers is very important , but people steal the batteries .
so this guy has enabled the people to check their heads .
and then seattle decided to use this practice , to prevent the urban residents from cleaning down the clogged straits .
chicago has implemented this practice yet , and it &apos;s just to clean down the sidewalks to clean down the sidewalks .
we know the nine more cities that plan to use this practice .
it became natural and naturally , without a disagreement .
if you know anything about the technologies of institutions , you know that normally things don &apos;t go like that .
the delivery of a software is usually a few years .
last year , a team worked in boston on a project that took about two people for about 40 months .
it was a way to help these parents decide which state school is suitable for children .
then we told us that this project would cost at least two years and two million dollars .
and that &apos;s nothing .
now there &apos;s a project for california court systems , which cost taxpayers to have cost five million dollars , and it didn &apos;t work .
and projects like this are in every base of state institutions .
so , it &apos;s a few days of writing , and this app spread through the internet is like a kind of warning alarm .
it &apos;s not like a lot of people who think that institutions can work better , but rather like private companies .
it &apos;s not like technology company , but it &apos;s more like the internet itself .
it means that it means that we have to do that , it means that it means that this is a productive .
and that &apos;s very important .
this is what &apos;s more important about this application , which shows how the new generation is addressing the problems of institutions -- not as a problem of institutional tradition , but as a problem of the common purpose .
this is a very good news because it turns out that we are very good in action with digital technology .
now a very large group of people are developing tools to work together .
not only for america , but hundreds of people from all over the country are writing urban applications for their community .
they don &apos;t abandon their institutions .
they were , of course , disappointed , but they don &apos;t complain .
and these guys know something that we &apos;re looking at .
and he turns out that politics , in institutions , all the other things that are going on in the institutions and we really don &apos;t understand us , &quot; we can &apos;t make things that we can &apos;t do alone together with all the things we can &apos;t do . &quot;
many people have cut out their prospects .
if you &apos;re one of those people , i want you to think again , because something changes .
politics doesn &apos;t change ; institutions change .
the institutions are basically taking power from us -- remember , &quot; we humans are , &quot; and how we think about institutions .
i didn &apos;t know a lot about the institutions when i did this program .
and like a lot of people , i thought that institutions were fundamentally interested in choosing somebody .
and after two years , i finally reached the conclusion that local governments are related to apes .
this is the call center for information and advice .
this is typically where you find the number of services in your city .
if you have a chance to work at the site of the call in any way , scott gould &apos;s program -- in fact , the whole team did this as part of the program -- and you can understand that there &apos;s a whole range of problems that can even be a little bit about a raft that has been trapped in the house .
scott is the answer to the answer .
it &apos;s an official information base , &quot; worms . &quot;
it doesn &apos;t find a lot . it starts with the animal control .
and finally , at the end , he said , &quot; look , do you try to open all the doors of your house and try and try and do it so much ? &quot;
and that &apos;s how he worked . scott .
but this was not the end of the apes .
it &apos;s not just a call center in boston .
it has a practice , the web and a mobile app , the name of the citizens .
we didn &apos;t write this practice .
boston is a study of people from the new urban engineering office .
one day -- a real report -- this is what it comes : &quot; the worm is in my trash , i don &apos;t know if it &apos;s dead .
how can i pull it out ? &quot;
what &apos;s going on with the citizens of the citizens ?
scott was talking directly to the person .
but the citizens of the citizens are open , so everyone can see it .
and in this case , it saw a neighbor .
and the next report that we had was saying , &quot; i walked in this position , i found the garbage .
worms are rats ? are they living ? do they live ? yes .
i went back to the garbage . i walked home .
the good night is rats . &quot;
pretty simple .
this is great . this is the meeting of the digital physical life .
and it &apos;s also a good example of the beginning of the institutions to start to join the public .
it is a beautiful example of the institutions becoming a platform .
i don &apos;t mean the platforms with technological meaning .
i &apos;m talking about a platform that people create to help them and others .
a citizen has assisted the other citizens , and institutions have played a key role here .
he brought these two people together .
if they had their needs , they could put together with institutional services , but according to institutional services , it &apos;s both a cheaper and cheaper alternative .
when we help another one , we have strengthened our society .
it costs the animal control unit , a lot of money .
one of the most important things we need to think about institutions is politics is not the same thing .
a lot of people are aware of this , but they see somebody else &apos;s data .
we &apos;re going into the system system , which is what we use .
how many times we chose a political leader -- and sometimes we spent a lot of our energy to choose a new political leader -- and then we sat down and then we would sit down and see that the institutions would be able to reflect our values .
this is the reason that institutions are like a huge ocean , and politics is the top surface of it .
and we call it bureaucracy .
this is how we say this word .
and that leads us to something that we have , which is turning the cost into something that we pay for us , and then the other thing , and then we protect ourselves .
people think politics is glamorous .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make bureaucracy attractive .
because it &apos;s where state institutions are doing real work .
we need to connect the mechanisms of state institutions .
and that &apos;s what the yemen movement did .
did you see these guys ?
this is a group of people who wrote a very detailed number of citizens , and this report was in response to the request by sec &apos;s financial reform bill .
this is not politically active , but it is politically active .
now , it &apos;s time for us to ask ourselves about the world that we want to leave our children to our children .
we have to see the challenges that they face .
do we really believe that we can be able to fix this institution that is moving to our name ?
we can &apos;t do it without institutions , but we need more effective institutions .
the good news is that technology makes the state institutions more efficient to do the functionality of the civil society by strengthening the functionality of the civil society .
there &apos;s a generation that has grown out of the internet , and they &apos;re not so difficult to do something together , just to design the systems .
that &apos;s the average age of friends -- and i &apos;m just a generation , and i &apos;m almost a generation of them .
this new generation is very privileged to get their own voice .
they don &apos;t give up the struggle to talk about who they give -- they &apos;re all talking .
they can tell their thoughts every channel , always they can , and they do it .
so they don &apos;t really care about having a problem with state institutions when they &apos;re confronted by their voices .
they use their hand .
they &apos;re using their hand to write the applications that will enable the state institutions to work better .
and these practices give us the opportunity to use our hands to make our societies better .
it can be a fire hydrant , cleaning up the wild grass , putting a trash of trash in it .
well , we may have been running the fire sheets since that fire , a lot of people do .
but these practices are the ones that are not just consumers , the state institutions are like the ones who are paying taxes and that we &apos;re not in service .
more than that , we are citizens .
and to fix the concept of citizenship , it cannot fix state institutions .
so the question for everybody here is : we need to do it together , and we &apos;re all together , and we &apos;re just going to be a big , big , big , big thing , and we &apos;re also going to be the mob of hands .
thank you .
i often think about how wonderful new technologies are . i think i &apos;m going to tell you how wonderful i &apos;m here -- i &apos;m going to tell you what i &apos;m thinking about here , and i &apos;m going to show you just a very boring technology that &apos;s just a very boring technology , which is just a very boring technology .
if you can open the slide on it .
this is a slide i chose from the file .
rather than the details of the slide , i want to show you its overall shape .
this is a slide of some analysis of the power of the local network that we &apos;re doing about the power of transistors in local networks .
what &apos;s interesting in this slide is that it &apos;s a kind of flat curve on a lot of technology , as it &apos;s in a lot of technology on a lot of technology .
in other words , each step in here shows a scale of magnitude at the scale of performance .
and what we &apos;re talking about is that this thing is a new thing about the exponential curves .
there &apos;s really weird things happening here .
and that &apos;s basically what i &apos;m going to talk about .
if you can make the lights .
we can open the lights a little bit , because i &apos;m going to use a piece of paper here .
now , why are we describing the technology of technology as logarithmic curves ?
and so the answer is , if i draw this on a normal curve , let &apos;s say that this is a kind of a bit of time and a half of the technology that i &apos;m trying to draw into , which is a slightly ridiculous graph .
that &apos;s how it goes .
and they don &apos;t tell us much about us .
now , for example , let &apos;s say a different kind of science , which is a straight line on the length of the transport technology that looks like a straight line .
but when something like this happens , it &apos;s a qualitative change .
so , if the technology technology was going fast as fast as possible , then i could go to the cab in tokyo for 30 seconds .
but that &apos;s how it works .
the technology of technological development has not been seen in a couple of years , but it &apos;s not something that feeds your own growth .
now what i want to ask is , if you look at these exponential curves , they don &apos;t survive forever .
maybe they &apos;re not as fast as they are .
one of two things will be .
it &apos;s going to be completely different , or it &apos;s going to turn into a classic curve , or that &apos;s going to happen .
that &apos;s what they can do .
as an optimist , i think that &apos;s probably going to happen .
so , if that &apos;s what we &apos;re in the middle of the moment , it &apos;s a transition .
it means that the transition from the way the world is used in the old world is right now .
so , what i &apos;m trying to do is ask myself , what is this new version of the world that i &apos;m looking for ?
what is this new situation that the world is looking for ?
because the change is very , very confusing in the middle of it .
and when i was a child growing up , it was about 2,000 years old , and people were talking about what happens in 2000 .
here &apos;s a conference where people are talking about the future , as you &apos;re going to notice in the next 2,000 years .
that &apos;s the distance that we &apos;re going to go through .
so , in other words , the whole life of life has been shrinking every year , as it looks like a year .
i think the reason is because we &apos;re all feeling that there &apos;s something there .
this transition is happening . we all can feel this .
and we know that , for 30 years , it &apos;s not much more meaning to design than 50 years , because everything is going to be so different , because it doesn &apos;t mean anything that we do .
that &apos;s what i want to talk about , which is what this change is .
i &apos;m going to have to talk about a few things that don &apos;t have to do with technology or computers to do that .
i think the only way we can understand this is really withdrawn and looking at everything .
i want to look at this from the scale of life in the world .
i think it &apos;s starting to make a sense of meaning when you look at it a few billion years .
if you go back to two and a half billion years , if you go back to the bottom of the world , it was a big rock part of a lot of chemicals around the world .
so if we look at how these chemicals are organized , we start to have a lot of ideas about how they do it .
but i think there are some theories that start to understand how this happens with rna , but first i &apos;m going to tell you a simple kind of story that i &apos;m going to tell you about .
and some of the fat grains , some of them , had a special chemical combination that allowed them to grow out of the outside .
and what happened was that the ones started to divide .
these little fat grains are a very primitive cell form .
now , this oil droplet is literally not alive today , because each one of them is an unintended chemical formula .
and each of them was a zero-sum division of chemicals that are not equal .
so every drop was a little different .
in fact , they &apos;re going to make more chemical and more chemicals that are going to be different and more and more and more and more and more .
they &apos;re more likely to live longer .
now these are kind of a very simple form of life , but when these microbes learn to be a trick about abstraction , things start to happen .
so in a way that we don &apos;t understand much , they learned to make information .
they learned to record the information of the cell , a special species called dna .
in other words , this is an unconscious , in a sense that it &apos;s a way of recording , which allows them to show out what they are in the way that they &apos;re in the evolutionary way .
what &apos;s surprising is that this pattern of recording has evolved unchanged since two and a half billion years ago .
in fact , our language -- our genes are exactly the same code and the typeface .
in fact , all living beings are written with the same letter series and code .
in fact , one of the things i just did to just fun -- we could write something with this code .
here , there are 100 laptops that i try to show on security missions in the airport .
so there are standard letters that we use to symbolise it in the code , and that &apos;s what i do , and it &apos;s a piece of dna , and i &apos;ve been covering the code 22 times , 22 times .
if anybody wants to ask 100 million copies of the cards , there &apos;s plenty for everybody in this room , in fact , for everybody in the world . here it is .
if i was really an idealistic , i would put it in the inside of a virus .
so what was next ?
it &apos;s an interesting step to record dna .
and that made these cells happier over a few billion years .
but then there was a very interesting step in which everything was completely different . so , these cells began to create information exchanges and communication .
i don &apos;t know , but bacteria can actually make dna exchange .
so , for example , antibiotic resistance evolved .
some bacteria discover how to stay away from the penicillin , and by creating small dna information along with other bacteria , it &apos;s spread in this way , and there &apos;s a lot of bacteria that are now resistant .
this communication allows communities in the same boat to create synergy .
so they stayed together , or they failed together , so the community was very successful , and the community was more likely to be supported by evolution .
the conversion point is that these communities are very close , and they &apos;re actually gathering together , and they &apos;re formed by the whole community when they decide to write a single strand of dna .
and the interesting stage for life is about a billion years later .
and in this phase , we &apos;ve got a lot of cells that actually function as a single organism , a different type of cells .
in fact , we are a lot of communities .
now we have a large number of cells that are not for themselves .
the skin cell -- heart cells , the brain cell -- is useless without the brain cell .
so these communities started to evolve , which is the very interesting level of evolution that evolution is now , not a single cell .
the next step happened within these communities .
these cell communities have begun to rethink .
they started developing very special structures that didn &apos;t do anything besides information processing .
these are neural structures .
these communities were the neurons that were creating information processing tools .
they &apos;re actually starting to work within the community and the structures that are responsible for learning and learning .
this was the community &apos;s brain and neural system .
and that gave them a evolutionary advantage .
because at this point , a individual , the learning , the learning , the time of all the evolutionary time could be the time of a single organism .
so , for example , a organism could learn to eat a certain kind of fruit when it was bad , and it would be able to eat it .
it could be the only organism that could be in the life of life , and that &apos;s how it had to be learned as a result of how many thousands of individuals who died in the form of this animal .
in fact , the nervous system that they built , this particular information processing structures accelerated the whole evolutionary process .
because evolution is now in one individual individual .
it was happening within the course of learning .
and then , of course , individuals learned the media of communication .
for example , the most sophisticated version of this is human language .
you think a little bit about it .
there &apos;s an idea that &apos;s very complicated and confusing in my mind .
and i &apos;m hoping to sit here , and i &apos;m hoping to create a very similar and astonishing thinking that makes sense in your head in your head .
it &apos;s a very complicated thing that &apos;s very complicated , and we can turn it into sound , sound and sound , something very complicated in your brain .
so this allows us to start working like one organism .
so what we do is actually , in fact , that we are in the form of mankind , the creation of human beings .
we &apos;re moving through the same stages that we &apos;re creating , sharing information and processing and processing our knowledge of processing .
the discovery of language is a very small step in this direction .
the phone , computers , video recorders , all these things , all these things that we have in our society today , are our interactive mechanisms that we &apos;re creating in our society .
and this connects to something that is much greater than we &apos;ve ever been before .
now evolution can occur in the scale of micro-machines .
you &apos;ve seen the evolution program in front of your eyes , a small kind of evolution in a small kind of evolution .
now , we &apos;re going to have accelerated the time of time .
one of the first steps i &apos;ve told you about is a billion years .
it took a few hundred million years to take the nervous system and the brain .
it took more advanced steps than a million years .
and the electronic like this is just going to take a few years .
the process feeds itself , and i think it &apos;s a catalyst , and i think something is the best word to change the speed of change .
changing changes faster .
and i think this is what we see in this explosion of the curve .
we see that this process feeds itself .
i &apos;m helping to design computers with computers , and i know that , without the latest developments in computers , the mechanisms i use in computer design would be impossible .
now i design such intricate objects , which is really impossible to design them with traditional ways .
i don &apos;t know what any transistor in the connection machine does .
there &apos;s billions of them there .
instead , it &apos;s a bit more abstract than the designers of the designers and the designers of the designers of mine , and it &apos;s going to make it much more advanced and faster than we can do it .
and in fact , it &apos;s a way that we don &apos;t really understand that .
and the very interesting way that i &apos;ve been using a lot recently is the evolution of evolution .
so what we &apos;re doing is to put a evolutionary process in the machine that &apos;s occurring in the scale of the machine .
as a model , we can develop a program with random command with random command numbers .
for example , the computer please , you can produce a hundred million units of command .
now please pick up all these random commands and all these other programs , and choose the closest thing i want you to do . &quot;
in other words , i have my application .
so , as a model , i want to make a number of numbers .
now , find the numbers that are very close to the ranking .
of course , the numbers of random command numbers are random , and none of them can really do that .
but one can put two numbers in the right line .
so let me say , &quot; the computer please do the best job in this random mode of command .
keep them out .
now the numbers are the best ones .
and in the same way , it &apos;s going to produce them again again .
two programs have changed the programs and the lower programs , and it &apos;s a child that &apos;s going to take the characteristics of two programs .
now , i &apos;ve got a new generation of programs that make a little bit better work .
let &apos;s call the process repeated . &quot;
it &apos;s a score again .
it &apos;s a bit of mutations .
and do it again for another generation .
each one of these innovators takes just a few miles .
so i can do a whole evolution of millions of millions of years in computer , or in complex situations , or a few hours .
at the end , i have programs that are absolutely excellent in my hand .
in fact , these are much more efficient than what i can do .
now i can &apos;t tell you how they work .
i tried to study them , tell you how they work .
it &apos;s the power , the strange programs .
but they do the task .
and i &apos;m sure that they &apos;re going to do the task because they come from hundreds of thousands of programs .
it depends on their lives .
i was going to a 747 , and i was going to a 747 year-old , and he took this card and said , &quot; oh look , look at this .
does this aircraft not feel sure to have hundreds of thousands of small pieces that work together to keep you safe ?
in fact , we know that the engineering process doesn &apos;t work very well .
we &apos;re starting to rely on computers in doing so different processes .
it allows us to produce much more complicated things than we can produce ordinary engineering .
and we don &apos;t have the options that we have yet to have .
in a sense , it &apos;s moving ahead .
we &apos;re using these programs to make this process faster , faster computers .
so he feeds himself back .
it &apos;s getting faster , so i think it &apos;s very confusing .
because all these technologies are feeding themselves .
we go down .
we &apos;re at the point of time when individual organisms begin to transform into organisms .
so we don &apos;t understand what we &apos;re creating and what we create in god .
we &apos;re at a point of transition .
and i think there &apos;s something really coming out of us .
i think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the ultimate product of evolution .
the next thing is , what are we all about to produce it ?
the lunch is approaching , i think i &apos;m going to finish it before i get to the occupation .
my story actually starts two years ago in rajasthan .
at a star night , i met a sufi singing singer in the desert .
and we were talking about the change of the ancient history of the old indian history .
at that time , we were flying in the sky of the two horses that we wanted to travel .
now we do the same with airplanes .
at that time , when the great indian warrior , the great indian warrior , took a bullet and threw it out of there .
now we &apos;re doing the same thing with machines and machines .
the result was that the magic took place .
and it really hurt me .
i realized that i was getting scared of technology .
i was shocked by my ability to make a picture of my camera without a camera , and i would lose my ability to enjoy my friends without sending tweets .
and i thought technology should make it possible instead of killing magic .
a little girl , my grandfather gave me a little silver cell hour .
and this is the most magical thing for me in 50 years of technology .
in my dream , pirates became a golden ribbon in a world filled with debris , debris and images .
so i felt that our mobile phones , our fancy watches and photography were letting us imagine us .
they were frustrated .
and so i &apos;ve traveled to the technology world , to see how i can use it to make it possible instead of killing magic .
i &apos;ve been drawing pictures for books since 19 .
and when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a storytelling device that would connect the audience around the world .
how we can do it .
it knows where we are .
it brings together an official and text , animation , sound and touch .
storytelling becomes much more nuanced .
so what do we do with that ?
i &apos;m actually going to show you a app for the ipad .
he says , &quot; put your finger on every single light . &quot;
and so -- he says , &quot; this box belongs to this person , &quot; and i &apos;m writing my step here .
and i &apos;m actually becoming a character in the book .
in various locations , i get a little letter -- and i know where you live with the ipad gps -- which is actually showing me .
so , these kinds of possibilities are really excited about the child that i have .
i talked more about the magic .
and i don &apos;t mean the magic and the magic , i mean , a dyslexic magic that we all have when i &apos;m a kid .
the idea of a bubble , because of a reason , always excites me .
and here you have the ipad , the insects go out .
and in fact , they actually light up your path .
another idea that fascinated me when i was a kid is that all the galaxies are in a single single disk .
and here , every book and every world is taking a little hammer that i put into the magic device in this device .
and it opens a map .
since the beginning , the map of all the fantastic books was the map , but these maps are static .
this is a growing , shining and the book , which is the way that &apos;s going on .
it comes out in certain parts of the book .
i &apos;m going to go inside .
the other thing that &apos;s really important for me is that india is but also a very modern form of content .
here are the mites .
we &apos;ve all heard of the magic and the birds , but how many people outside india know the settlers ?
these poor depositors were covered in the basement of a thousand years old , in a dark book , in a book of flowers .
and we bring them back to a modern child story .
and it &apos;s a story that is really dealing with new challenges like environmental crises .
when we talk about environmental crises , i think the big problem that we &apos;ve faced over the past 10 years is that kids don &apos;t get stuck in their rooms , they don &apos;t go out .
but now , with mobile technology , we can bring our children out of the technology with their technology .
one of the interactions in the book is that you &apos;re going to take you out of the box , you take your camera on the ipad , and you take the pictures of different natural objects .
when i was a little boy , i had a variety of pieces , stones , stones , stones and shells .
and somehow kids don &apos;t do that anymore .
you &apos;ve got to go out to bring back this childhood ritual , and in a part , you take a picture of a flower .
in another part , it takes a picture of a tree shell , and it &apos;s the signature of it .
and so you create a digital photograph collection that you can actually online online .
a kid in london holds a picture of a squirrel , and he says , &quot; i saw a fox today . &quot;
a child in india says , &quot; i saw a monkey today . &quot;
and it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that you really have .
the possibility of bringing magic together , the world and technology is really too much .
in the next book , in the next book , we &apos;re working on the ipad , and we &apos;re working on a interacting with the ipad , and you see the neat magical magic that &apos;s coming out of your house .
at some point , your screen is covered with leaves .
and you have to do wind sound to break them down , and you &apos;re reading the sequel .
we &apos;re moving towards a world where nature &apos;s forces are approaching technology , and magic and technology are coming together .
we get energy from the sun .
we bring our kids and ourselves to the love of the childhood that we have in the natural world and a simple story .
thank you .
this is a great honor for me .
i spent most of my life in cells , in prisons , death cells .
i spent most of my time in the very low neighborhoods , in projects that lost hope and in places .
and here , being at ted and seeing this call is very much energy for me .
what i &apos;ve been seeing here is that ted is a identity of ted .
you can tell the world that something really contributes to the world .
some things are just as much as they don &apos;t have at ted , and they have power .
i &apos;m talking about this because i think identity is really important .
we watched some presentations .
i think we &apos;ve learned that a teacher comes out of your mouth , but if you &apos;re really interested in what you &apos;re saying , you &apos;re particularly meaningful .
you can do a doctor good thing , but if you &apos;re a certified doctor , you can do other things .
i want to talk to you about the power of identity .
i didn &apos;t realize that when i was working in the field of law , or doing my job .
i learned my grandmother .
i grew up in a traditional african family ; the chairman of our family , the chairman of our family , was strong , he was strong .
that would determine the outcome of all discussions in the house .
and he was the one who started many discussions in our room .
he was the mother of a family that was really slave .
the mother was born in the &apos; 70s in virginia .
he was born in the &apos; 80s and he was inspired by slavery .
it was loud , but it was also generous .
when i was a little boy , when i went to see it , i was so fond to see me so hard , and then he left it .
and two hours later , when i saw him again , i saw him , &quot; bryan , do you feel still alive ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; no . &quot; again , he attacked , &quot; yes . &quot;
it had a characteristic that you &apos;d like to be at all .
the only problem was 10 children .
my parents were the youngest of her 10 children .
when i was going to spend time with it , it would be hard to take attention and time .
my cousins danced everywhere .
i remember when i went to the hall a day and when i went to the hall , i remember all my siblings were crying .
my grandmother was sitting in front of the room and looked at me .
i thought we were playing a game first .
and she looked at her and she was very , very serious .
after that , 15 minutes later , it came out of the room , the other side of the room came to me , and he said , &quot; let &apos;s talk to you . we have to talk to you . &quot;
i remember it like yesterday .
i will never forget .
he took me out and said , &quot; bryan , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but i tell anyone that i &apos;m saying . &quot;
i said , &quot; okay , my grandmother . &quot;
he said , &quot; well , it &apos;s calm . &quot;
then he sat me , he looked at me and he said , &quot; i want you to know that i &apos;m watching you . &quot;
&quot; i think you &apos;re all right .
you can do whatever you want . &quot;
i &apos;ll never forget that .
and then he said , &quot; i want you to deliver three things for me . &quot;
i said , &quot; well , my grandmother . &quot;
&quot; my first wish for you is mom .
i want to say that my little daughter and her will always be deaf . &quot;
i was in my mother , and i said , &quot; yes , i &apos;m sorry . &quot;
and then he said , &quot; the second thing i want to say is that you always do the right thing , even if it &apos;s the right thing to do . &quot;
and i thought , &quot; okay , my tears , i &apos;m sorry . &quot;
finally , &quot; i have never been drinking from you , &quot; he said .
i was nine years old , so i said , &quot; okay , i &apos;m not going to go . &quot;
in the south , i grew up in a rural neighborhood , and i had a big brother , and i had a little girl and a little girl .
when i was 15 years old , my brother came home with a little beer pack in his hands -- where did i know -- i didn &apos;t know where he and my sister took me to the forest area .
there were three children who were always doing the mess we did .
he took a drink from the top , and he gave me a girl , and he took it a little bit , and they gave me .
i said , &quot; no , no , no , no . you don &apos;t need it . i &apos;m not going to go . &quot;
my brother said , &quot; let &apos;s do it . we &apos;re going to do this today , and you have to do what we do .
i took a little bit of it , and it &apos;s taken , and it &apos;s fine . &quot;
i said , &quot; no , that &apos;s not true to me , for you . &quot;
then my brother started looking upright to me .
he said , &quot; what do you have ? that &apos;s the case . &quot;
and then he looked at me and said , &quot; i hope you &apos;re still not stuck in the talk . &quot;
i said , &quot; why are you talking about it ? &quot;
&quot; my aunt says they are special to all their grandchildren , &quot; he said .
i was destroyed .
i &apos;m going to admit to you something .
it &apos;s probably something i should not say .
this is going to be distributed to the masses .
but i &apos;m 52 , and i &apos;m going to admit to you that i &apos;m a drop in my life .
it &apos;s not because it &apos;s a very virtuous thing ; i mean the power that exists .
if we create the right identity , we can tell the world around us that doesn &apos;t really make sense .
we can do things that they think can &apos;t do .
when i thought about my grandmother , of course , it was all about his grandchildren .
my grandfather was imprisoned because of the ban on drinking .
my grandchildren died from the disease that the wine was .
that &apos;s what we need to observe .
so so far , i tried to say something about our justice system .
our country -- it &apos;s a lot different than the year ago .
in 1972 , there were 300,000 people in prisons .
today , 1.3 million people .
the united states is the country that gives the most prison sentence .
there are seven million people being released provisionally or bail .
and i think that mass execution changed our world .
in the poor neighborhoods , in the neighborhood where different ethnicities live , there is despair , despair .
one of the three black men between 18 and 30 years in prison is in jail , or in prison , or bail .
in cities around the country , the city of los angeles , philadelphia , baltimore , washington -- 93 percent of men who are not in jail or bail or bail , or bail , or bail .
our system is not just polarized because of the race , but also because of poverty .
the justice system in this country is better than if the white and you are accused of being poor and innocent .
the results vary from the crime .
yet , we seem to be very upset .
the policy of fear and anger , like this , has convinced us that somebody else is .
connection was broken .
it sounds interesting to me .
i see some interesting developments in my hand .
my province , like some other states , is like , if you have a convict , you get your right to vote .
now in alabama , 34 percent of the men in the black men lost their right to vote .
according to our projections , the rate of voting in the next ten years will be equally equal before the law on voting .
and there &apos;s an amazing silence .
i represent children .
many of the mentors are young .
the united states is the only country in the world that sentenced its 13 children to prison .
in this country , children are sentenced to death without a provisional release .
these cases are really happening .
it &apos;s the only country in the world .
i represent the people who are interested .
this punishment sentence is very interesting .
in many ways , the real question is that the real problem is that people are dying because of crimes committed .
this is a pretty reasonable question .
but we can ask that question differently than we have .
if we do that , we &apos;re willing to die because of the crimes that we have to ask , because we &apos;re not going to kill the people who are committed .
i think that &apos;s incredible .
the death penalty in the united states poses mistakes .
we found that one person was innocent and that person was arrested .
an amazing error rate -- one of the nine people is innocent .
incredible .
in aviation , one of the nine planes would have had no flight whatsoever .
but somehow we can get ourselves from this problem .
it &apos;s not our problem .
it &apos;s not us .
it &apos;s not our story .
i &apos;m talking about these issues .
i talk about the fact that we don &apos;t want to kill the race and kill it .
this is very interesting , when i teach my students about the history of african africans .
i &apos;m talking about them , i &apos;m talking about the reconstruction process and the second world war ii .
they don &apos;t know much about her .
however , this country was a peaceful era for african africans .
many communities have faced the danger of harassment .
they were frightened .
it was the threat of terrorism that shapes their lives .
these older people come to me and say , &quot; mr. sinclair , talk , presentations , presentations , you &apos;re going to tell people to tell you that they &apos;re facing the first time on september 11th . &quot;
they say , &quot; we grew up with them . &quot;
and of course , this era of terrorism followed discrimination and years of racism .
and unfortunately , we don &apos;t like to talk about our problems in this country .
we don &apos;t like to talk about our history .
so we didn &apos;t really understand why we did what we did in history .
we are constantly fighting each other .
we create constant tension and conflict .
we &apos;re suffering from the race , because i think we don &apos;t want to give ourselves to truth and reconciliation .
people in south africa understood that racism could not be solved without reaching reality and reconciliation .
in rwanda , even during the genocide , there was dignity , but we didn &apos;t do it in this country .
i gave a lesson about death penalty in germany .
it was fascinating because after my presentation , one of the academics stood up and said , &quot; you know , it &apos;s sick to hear your people deeply .
there is no punishment in germany .
naturally , there can be no punishment in germany , &quot; he said .
the room was quiet , and a woman said , &quot; never , we can never allow people to die in our history .
it would be a shame for us to kill people , &quot; he said .
i thought about it .
how would the state of germany be in a world where people were killing people , and they would have been largely jewish ?
i &apos;m not going to have that .
that would be a shame .
however , we are killing people in the country &apos;s former southern states , where the death rate is 11 times more than the victim is in black , and if the defendants are sentenced to death , it is 22 times higher than the men are buried in the black , and the people in the territory of these states are buried .
but there &apos;s still a disconnect .
i think our identity is in risk .
we don &apos;t care about these hard things , we care about positive and wonderful things .
we love the invention .
we love technology . we love creativity .
we love fun .
but in fact , these facts are being overwhelmed by fear , with the fragmentation , with friction .
so i think we have to connect these two things .
because in essence , we &apos;re talking about the problems that live in a more hopeful world than we have to live in a complex world .
for me , it means to talk to the poor , with the poor , the opportunity to come to ted .
thinking to them becomes part of our lives .
you know , in essence , we have to believe what we &apos;re all seeing .
we &apos;re going to be here . how realistic is the way that minds are in mind ?
innovation , creativity , development doesn &apos;t come from the ideas in our mind .
it comes from ideas that we have in our heart and the ideas that we create in our minds .
and to me , our cognitive connection allows us to care about our only bright and unfamiliar things , not the dark and difficult things .
the great czech leader , vaclav havel , spoke about this .
&quot; when we tried to deal with the pressure in eastern europe , we wanted everything , but the hope we needed was to make our soul , our soul , sometimes in the desperate places , &quot; he said .
this spirit of spirit , i think , should be the basis of the commitment of the ted community .
no link to technology and design will not allow us to be fully human , unless we don &apos;t care about it , as long as we don &apos;t care about poverty , to injustice , injustice , injustice .
but i warn you : having this kind of identity is much harder than the situation that you don &apos;t care about .
you &apos;ll hear it .
i went to meet a young lawyer , rosa parks .
she was at the same time , she was going to jesse , the closest friends , the elderly , the elderly , and the old lady , a woman , a white woman -- virginia , a white woman -- virginia king , a white woman , a white woman , dr. king .
these women came together , just talking .
by the way , griffiths called me and said , &quot; bryan , the parks come to the city , and we &apos;ll talk to the city .
would you like to come and hear it ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; of course , i want . &quot;
he said , &quot; what do you do here ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to listen . &quot;
it goes there and i listen .
it gave me energy and power .
and once you listen to these women , a few hours later , the parks came to me and said , &quot; now , i &apos;m going to tell you what &apos;s the equal justice initiative .
let me tell you what to do . &quot;
i started telling him .
&quot; we are trying to fight injustice .
we &apos;re trying to help those who are unfair .
we are trying to fight accusations and discrimination in the judicial administration .
we are trying to help children who are not allowed for provisional release .
we &apos;re trying to do something about the death penalty .
we &apos;re trying to reduce the number of people in prisons .
we are trying to prevent mass arrest . &quot;
and i told her all of my teeth and looked at me and said , &quot; mmm mmm mmm .
it will hurt you very many , &quot; he said .
and he said , &quot; well , you should be very , very brave , so you should be very brave . &quot;
i believe that ted community should be really brave .
we need to find ways to deal with these challenges , with the pain .
because our humanity depends on everybody &apos;s humanity .
i learned some very simple things when i was doing that .
he taught me some very simple things .
i realized that we are more than the worst thing we do .
i think about everybody on the planet .
i think somebody says it &apos;s not just a liar .
i think it &apos;s not just a burglar , but it &apos;s not just a burglar .
even if you kill somebody , you &apos;re not just a murderer .
so that &apos;s why the human dignity is protected by law .
and i think that this country and in many places in the world are not the equivalent of poverty .
i don &apos;t believe that .
i think in many places , it &apos;s the opposite of poverty .
and i think the more beautiful , exciting , exciting , exciting , and ultimately , we can &apos;t get our technology to our technology , our dreams and our dreams .
so you can &apos;t tell the character of a society how to treat the character of the rich , the poor and the privileges , the poor , the people who are being prisoners , and how they behave .
so we understand our own depth .
sometimes i &apos;m moving from the ground . i &apos;ll end with this story .
sometimes i &apos;m very nervous .
like all of us , i &apos;m walking .
sometimes these ideas are actually thinking about themselves .
i represent children who have been sentenced to very heavy sentences .
i &apos;m going to see my pleas to be treated as a grownup , a grownup , 14 year-old old trial .
and i think , how did that happen ?
how can a judge transform you into something that you don &apos;t have ?
judge has decided that he is a grownup , but i see this kid .
i was thinking late at night , my god , if you were not a judge , would have to be magic forces .
so bryan &apos;s magical powers .
you want to share them with you .
i didn &apos;t think i was right at the right time , because i started working on a motion .
at 14 , there was a poor , black servant .
i started working on the motion , and the head of the motion -- i &apos;m going to argue , &quot; i &apos;m going to defend the poor , the 14 year-old , 75 , and i &apos;m going to argue , &quot; i &apos;m going to argue .
i put the motion in the court , in the police , the judiciary .
i &apos;ve made a crazy line , and there &apos;s no reference in this country , and there &apos;s always a bug .
when i came up the next morning , i saw this crazy proposition in my dream , or i really wrote .
as a terrifying , i sent it to court , and i sent it to the court .
a few months ago , i &apos;ve forgotten this .
finally , i decided , and i would go to the court and i would do this crazy plea .
i got a car , i felt really overwhelmed .
i went to the car and went to the office .
i thought it would be very difficult and painful .
i went from the car and started walking in the courthouse palace .
when the court was out of the stairs of the palace , he had a black servant .
when she saw me , he came to me and asked me who i was .
i said , &quot; my lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; yes . &quot; &quot; yes . &quot;
he approached me , and he was hooked .
he screamed to my ears .
&quot; i &apos;m proud of you . &quot;
i tell you , it gave me energy .
it has created a connection with the capacity to contribute to the society and every human being and different perspectives .
i went to the court .
and the judge came to see me that i was coming .
&quot; mr. sinclair , you write this crazy proposition ? &quot;
i said , &quot; yeah , i wrote . &quot; we started arguing .
the people who were angry began to enter the inside .
i wrote these crazy things .
and police officers , prosecutors , magistrates were in the room .
when i didn &apos;t understand what was happening , people who were frustrated with the race , because we were talking about poverty , the inequality .
i saw my eye on the edge of my eye , and i saw the nest coming back .
he was looking at the window and he heard all this mess .
he continued to go back .
at the end , this is a little bit worried about the old black man &apos;s face , and he sat down and sat down , almost the lawyers &apos; desk .
ten minutes later , judge said that we would leave .
the deputy director of police , however , was surprised to enter the courtroom .
he stood up and he went to this old man .
he said , &quot; jimmy , what are you in the courtroom ? &quot;
the old black man stood up , and he looked at his deputy , and he looked at me and said , &quot; this is what i came to this young man , and i came from the prize to make this young man . &quot;
and i think many of you have to come to ted , and many of you are aware of the morality of the universe .
you &apos;re aware that human rights and human dignity should not be fully understood .
you realize that survival depends on survival .
technology , design , entertainment , creativity , you understand that our vision of creativity must be internal to humanity , compassion and justice .
so , more than anything , you don &apos;t want to leave your eyes , don &apos;t give you your eyes , and i come to the point .
thank you very much .
you &apos;ve seen that these guys and this community want to help you , and you &apos;ve heard it .
what else can we do than writing a check ?
there are many possibilities around us .
if you &apos;re living in california , it &apos;s going to be a referendum this summer , and it &apos;s going to be the way we spend the money that we &apos;ve spent here in the penal policy .
for example , we &apos;re going to spend a billion dollars in the next five years in california -- a billion dollars .
however , 70 per cent of the murders are not arrested .
56 percent of the rape cases fail .
we have a chance to change this .
the referendum proposes that these funds are legal sanctions and security .
i think we all have opportunities around us .
in the last three decades , there &apos;s a huge decline in crime in america .
and part of this is the increasing rate of concentration .
what would you ask someone who said this ?
in fact , the crime rate remains unchanged .
the rise in mass execution is actually not in the category of wild crimes .
it &apos;s been a hostile battle against drugs .
this is what happened in the population of our prisons .
that &apos;s the sentence of the sentence .
we have three knobs , we &apos;re going to bring these resources to the victims , the ones that we &apos;re going to bring to the victims , and we &apos;re going to put them on prison forever .
i think we should do more to help victims , not less .
the current justice system does nothing for anyone .
that &apos;s what we need to change .
you &apos;ve seen a huge interest here .
you &apos;re a lifesaver .
thank you very much for coming to ted . thank you .
interviewer : threats , after bin laden &apos;s death , increased .
second , famine in somalia .
third of all , the police are pepper gas . fourth of all , it &apos;s the enemy cartel .
fifth of all , the aromatic trip ships . the sixth reporter : social degradation .
seventh reporter : 65 dead . the eighth reporter : tsunami warning . the ninth reporter : attacks .
a few referees : drug war . mass destruction . hurricane .
decline . delay . dawn . egypt .
syria . crisis . the crisis .
disaster . oh my god .
peter salinas : these are just some of the clips i collected in the last six months -- just some of the last six days , or the last six years .
i mean , the news broadcasters prefer to give us some negative news , because they &apos;re getting distracted .
and there &apos;s a very good reason for this .
every single day of every day , our senses bring us much more data than the brain can function .
and because there &apos;s nothing more important than being in life for us , the first stop of all that data is called schizophrenia , which is called the amygdala .
now , the amygdala is our early warning radiation , our danger radiation .
and they organize all the data and look at anything that can hurt us in the environment .
so we &apos;re going to look at a dozen stories , especially in the negative .
and that &apos;s the old word of journalism , &quot; it &apos;s the headline , &quot; very right .
so , if we think about all the digital tools that we &apos;re going to think about 24 hours of the week , it &apos;s not surprising that we &apos;re going to be negative .
it &apos;s not surprising that people think that the world is going wrong .
but perhaps , that &apos;s not the case .
perhaps , what &apos;s been brought to us is that what happens in fact is what happens .
perhaps , in the last century , the tremendous development we &apos;ve recorded through a series of influences is actually really speeding that way that we have a potential of abundance in the next three decades .
now , i don &apos;t say we have a lot of problems -- climate crisis , the collapse of species , water and energy -- of course , of course .
and as humans , we &apos;re much better in seeing problems before , but we &apos;re ultimately going to break them .
so let &apos;s see what the last century is .
in the last century , the average life expectancy of people has increased over two times , and in the world , the average person per capita has tripled to three times .
child mortality has fallen to one .
add that to one of the food , electricity , transportation , communication costs to one of 10 to 1,000 .
steve pinker actually showed us that we live in the most peaceful period of human history .
and charles williams is over 80 percent of global literacy over the last 130 years .
we live in a really unusual time .
most people forget it .
and we also increase our expectations .
in fact , we redefine what poverty means .
imagine , today , most people below the poverty line in america are still the power , the water , the toilets , the refrigerators , the mobile phones , the mobile phones , the phones and the cars .
the richest boss of the last century , the rulers of the last century , couldn &apos;t even have imagined such kinds of good kinds of memes .
it &apos;s the technology that &apos;s underlying in most of this , and recently growing technologies that are growing exponentially .
my good friend ray kurzweil shows that any device that has information technology goes into this curve , moore &apos;s law , within the framework of the moore law , and every 12 to 24 months .
so this is why your cell phone -- the computer in the &apos; 70s -- is more than a million times cheaper and more quickly .
now look at this curve .
this is moore &apos;s law in the last century .
i want you to notice two things from this curve .
the first is , how smooth is it -- good time and bad at the war , in war and peace , collapse , collapse and rise .
this is the result of faster computers to make computers .
none of our big challenges are slowing .
and in addition , the law on the left is made up , but it &apos;s up to the bottom .
the pace of technology is accelerating itself .
and in this curve , moore &apos;s law has a lot of extraordinary technologies that are open to all of us .
the cloud it , my colleagues at autodesk -- the sensor and the networks -- the sensor and the networks -- 3d printing , which is the ability to be created , and the ability to create synthetic biology -- synthetic biology -- and synthetic intelligence -- the digital medicine -- digital medicine .
so how many of you are watching ibm won the robocup ?
so , it was epic .
in fact , i searched for the best newspaper headlines that i could find and find headlines .
and i love this : &quot; watson is superior to human opponents . &quot;
jeopardy is not a simple game .
it &apos;s about the sensitivity of human language .
and please imagine , every single person with a cell phone , is artificial .
four years ago at ted , ray kurzweil and i set up a new university , singularity university .
and we teach our students how to use all these technologies and , especially , to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and every year we want a company or product or product that will affect the lives of a billion people a year in a positive way .
think about it , literally , a group of students , today , the fact that a billion people can touch the life of a billion people .
it sounded ridiculous about 30 years ago .
today we can have a dozen companies that have done this .
when i think about creating abundance , the issue is not a luxury life for everybody on the planet -- creating a living life .
it &apos;s rare to get the rare one .
now , the ambiguity is that it &apos;s a source of interest , and the technology is a source of waste .
let me give you an example .
so this is a story about the emperor in the back of 1800 .
that &apos;s the kind of thing on the left .
he invited the king of indonesia to eat .
all the soldiers of the empire beat the silver with knives , with the emperor &apos;s own golden knife knife .
but the king of pearl , he ate that aluminum knife with knives .
you see , aluminum is more valuable than the most valuable metal in the planet , gold and gold .
this is why the top of the washington memorial is made from aluminum .
you know , even though the earth &apos;s mass of mass , it doesn &apos;t come out as pure metal .
it &apos;s always dependent on oxygen and mycelium .
but then the electronics technology came out , and the aluminum was literally sold so much , we use it with the technology .
so that &apos;s the analogy .
we think about energy shortages .
ladies and gentlemen , we live in a planet that is coated with 5,000 times a year .
every two minutes , 16 bamboo energy is on the surface of the earth .
it &apos;s not rare , it &apos;s the context .
and there &apos;s good news here .
for the first time , this year , in india , the cost of electricity produced from the sun is 50 percent of the cost of electricity -- 50 rupees .
the cost of the sun dropped by 50 percent last year .
last month , mit published a study showing that the united states is going to be five cents per kwh of solar energy in the united states by the end of this decade .
and if we have plenty of energy , we have plenty of our water .
now we &apos;re talking about the water wars .
in 1990 , carl sagan , when he passed saturn , when he passed saturn , do you remember the voyager ?
he took a famous photograph . what was his name ?
&quot; a blue dot . &quot;
because we live in a water planet .
99 percent of us live in a planet covered with water .
yes , 58 percent of the water , two percent of water , two percent of water , and the water on the planet , but there &apos;s hope here .
and there &apos;s technology that &apos;s going to be available , not 10 , 20 years later , right now .
there &apos;s an emerging nanotechnology .
in this morning , dean kamen and i said , &quot; i &apos;d like to share with you the greatest innovators , i want to share with you ; i &apos;ve allowed you to be a little bit like a little bit of a refrigerator .
in any more than two tranches -- salt water , dirty water , toilet -- the board of drinking water , the president of the toilet , the board of the developing world , has approved hundreds of units in the developing world .
and if it works , i have any trust that will benefit , coca-cola will start using it globally in the global , globally .
here &apos;s the innovation that exists today , with this technology .
and we saw this in mobile phones .
oh , in the end of 2013 , we &apos;re going to get 40 percent of the mobile phone in the developing world .
think about a mobile phone in the middle of kenya , 25 years ago , even better than president reagan .
so , if they went from a smart phone to google , they had a lot more information and intelligence access to president clinton than it had 15 years ago .
they live in a world where no one can predict the amount of information and communication .
even better , you and i &apos;ve spent hundreds of thousands of dollars and hundreds of thousands of dollars and hundreds of thousands of dollars , radio video and a static video , libraries , and a lot of music , libraries , etc .
maybe the best part comes to the health .
last month , i had the pleasure to explain something called the mbmd foundation with a $ 10m x prize .
and the world &apos;s team , basically , all of these technologies , all these technologies , because they &apos;re wired to a mobile device that can be able to get rid of it , to be able to get blood from a finger , to be able to get a more successful diagnosis of the device , which can get rid of it .
so , imagine this device in the middle of the developing world , where there are no doctors , 25 percent of patients and 16 percent of the health workers .
and when it hits a rna or dna that doesn &apos;t know it , it &apos;s searching for disease and prevention and prevention and prevention of disease .
but here &apos;s the greatest impact to change the world of abundance .
i call the rising billion name .
here &apos;s white lines here .
we &apos;ve got seven billion hits in the world .
by the way , the best protection of the population of the population is to train the world and make it healthy .
in 2010 , there were a little less than two billion people connected .
by 2020 , internet users will increase from two billion to five billion .
they &apos;re participating in three billion new minds that we don &apos;t know before .
what would these people want ?
what are they going to eat ? what will they do ?
and we &apos;re going to have the largest economic injection that we &apos;re going to live on where we &apos;re going to live .
these people represent several trillion dollars in the economy .
and using the ace , it &apos;s more healthy , and it &apos;s better trained by the khan academy , and the 3d printers and the infinite technologies can be more productive than ever using them .
so what can we bring to the rise of human , healthy , well-trained , productive , productive ?
what about a group of sounds that we don &apos;t have before ?
what if , for the first time , for the first time , to be heard , and to be able to get the sound to get to action ?
what will these three billion people bring ?
what about the contributions that we don &apos;t even know ?
there &apos;s something that i &apos;ve learned in the x prize , which is the small group of small groups that are being carried out by the very small organizations , the things that are being carried out by the very large corporations and governments .
let me share a story that really excites me and let me close with it .
there &apos;s a program that some of you may have heard of .
it &apos;s a game called foldit .
he came out of the university of seattle .
and this is a game where individuals can take a sequence of amino acid and figure out how to cut the protein .
and it determines how it folds and function and function .
and it &apos;s very important for research in medicine .
and it was a computer problem so far .
and this game was played by university professors and figures .
and there are literally hundreds of thousands of people who are going to play this game .
and it showed that , in fact , the human order mechanism is better than the best computer in the protein .
and this was not a mit professor when they went and looked at the world &apos;s best protein protein , not a mit professor , but he was a professor at the night , and he was a pediatrician at the night , and he was the best protein in the world in the night .
ladies and gentlemen , to me , are the fact that we are now empowered to deal with the great challenges of the world , with a huge confidence of the future .
we have this exponential technology .
we have the passion of innovation .
we have philanthropy capitalism .
and we have three billion new minds to work with us to do the big challenges , to do the big challenges .
we live in the next extraordinary years .
thank you .
i think we need to do something about the change of the culture of medicine .
and i think it should start from a doctor , and that &apos;s me .
and when i do that , maybe i &apos;ve been able to break out of my own career , because i &apos;ve been dealing with this work for a long time .
before i start my talk , let &apos;s start with a piece of baseball .
why not ?
we &apos;re almost so close to the season , we &apos;re approaching the finals .
we all love baseball , right ?
we have some remarkable statistics about the baseball .
and there are hundreds of these .
it &apos;s about a book called &quot; superman , &quot; and it &apos;s about building a very good baseball team .
i &apos;m going to focus on a statistic that i hope most of you hear about this .
it &apos;s called the average shot .
we &apos;re talking about 300 , for example , the player &apos;s 300 .
it means that the player has three shots in three .
so the most remote part of the field is that the ball falls by the side of the ball , and it &apos;s not delivered at the beginning of the beginning , and it reaches the beginning point of the player that hit the ball .
three times .
do you know what the american baseball team says 300 hits ?
good , really good . it &apos;s a star .
do you know what &apos;s called a 400 year-old ?
this , meanwhile , is to achieve four times the goal .
legendary american baseball league player ted williams , who has hit more than 400 in the legendary season , is like ted williams .
now let me feel a little bit more comfortable when you think of myself as much more comfortable or i &apos;m going to do the talk to you .
suppose you &apos;re depressed , and it &apos;s taken to a surgeon , a surgeon who takes 400 targets on the fusiform .
strangely , there &apos;s no way to admit that , right ?
now , if the bird doesn &apos;t pass , imagine you live somewhere , imagine you live , and you have two coronary arteries that live with you , and your family doctor proposes 200 attacks on the person you like .
but do you know what happens ?
he &apos;s doing much better this year . he &apos;s running himself .
and it takes 37 beats .
it doesn &apos;t work strangely .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
what do you think about a heart surgeon or a high nurse or a physician , a cardiologist , a medical service specialist ?
1,000 , it &apos;s beautiful .
now the truth is that all of the medicine doesn &apos;t know the average the average for a good surgeon or a successful staff of the staff .
and what we &apos;re doing is we don &apos;t want it to be perfect to the outside world , including the outside of the outer world .
never , never make any mistakes , but the details of how it can happen .
and that was the message i got in medicine .
i was a psychotic student .
in high school , a class friend once told me that brian goldman could work on blood treatment .
and that &apos;s what i did .
i worked in a small room at the head of the state hospital of toronto , which is not far from here .
and i read everything .
i &apos;ve read my grammar courses in the beginning and the beginning of every single muscle , and the beginning and the beginning of every single muscle that comes out of the bottom .
i even learned how to be identified , and i even learned how to be identified .
and together , i learned more about it .
and i succeeded , graduated with excellent degrees .
i had a vision of the medical faculty that i had a vision , and if i knew everything , i would make it immune to make mistakes .
and for a while , it went wrong , until i knew mr. jansky .
here i was in the hospital hospital in toronto , where i was at the hospital &apos;s emergency service .
at that time , i was the cardiology hospital to do the rotation .
and my mission , when i was asked for emergency surgery , is there to see the patient .
and he was going to report that .
and i saw the lady schwartz , and there was no breathing .
and when i listened to it , it was a sound of sound .
and when i listened to her his chest , i was able to hear a soft sound on both sides , which he thought was an acute heart failure .
in this case , the heart of heart is completely useless , and a bit of blood is going back to the lung , and a bit of blood is going back to the heart and you get the lungs , and therefore you have respiratory failure .
and it &apos;s not hard to put the diagnosis .
i put the copy and i did the plan for treatment .
i gave him drugs . i gave him drugs to reduce the breathing .
so i gave a hormone shooter called calcium , which is called sulfuric .
and it began to feel better at a time or two hours .
and i felt really good .
and then i made my first mistake -- i sent him to his home .
in fact , i did two more mistakes .
i sent him to his home meeting .
as expected , i didn &apos;t give up the phone , and i didn &apos;t give you information about the patient &apos;s situation , so that he could see the patient in his own way .
he knew the patient , so he could make his assessment on her .
i could have made it a good reason .
maybe i didn &apos;t want to be controlled .
maybe it was very successful , and i was able to increase my responsibility by increasing my responsibility , even though i did it , even worse than i did .
and when i sent it home , i didn &apos;t care about it , and i said , &quot; goldman , this is not a good idea , it &apos;s not a good idea . &quot;
in fact , i have to have a sense of mistrust against myself , and i need to ask the nurse who is looking behind the nurse , and i said , &quot; well , there &apos;s no way to go home . &quot;
and the nurse thought , &quot; yes , i think they have lost the situation . &quot;
i remember it more like this .
so i signed the notebook , and i came up with a coil , and he came up with emergency staff to take him home .
and i went back to my head .
in the rest of the day , after that afternoon , i had a feeling that fascinated me .
but i continued to work .
and i walked out of the hospital to leave the hospital at the end of the day , and i walked home to go home , which was something i didn &apos;t usually do .
i went through the emergency service for him .
and there was no female , but there was a other nurse who was sitting behind me , but he told me only three words , and he was afraid to hear the immediate medics of the three words .
and as in other areas of medicine , we still have a different feature for medical medicine , but it &apos;s also a different feature for patients .
that was three words : what did you remember ?
&quot; did you remember the patient you sent home ? &quot;
and he asked me directly .
he said , &quot; he came back , &quot; he said .
he came back .
he came back in the face .
after i sent him to home , about an hour after his arrival , she was and his family had been able to get up to 14,000 , and the ambulance staff brought him back to the emergency room , and the ambulance was in a severe shock .
and it was rarely breathing , and it was blue .
and the emergency staff did their best .
they gave him drugs to raise blood pressure .
they put it in the tube .
and this time i was , and i was thrilled .
and i went into the koran , because i was sent to the intensive care unit , and i was hoping that it was going to be very intensive , even though it was a shortcut .
and it turns out that after two or three days , he never would have ever disappeared .
the recycling brain was developed .
and his family gathered .
and they were desperate for eight or nine days .
and nine days later , they decided that the transaction would be completed , and the women , the spouse , and the grandmother .
they say the names of the dead are never forgotten .
and that was the first thing i met .
in the course of a couple of weeks , i accused myself , and the first time i was faced with a sense of a healthy sense of embarrassment within our medical culture , i felt alone and isolated , not the first time that everyone felt , because you couldn &apos;t speak .
you know , you know , you &apos;ve got a secret to tell you that you &apos;re going to pick up a secret that you &apos;re talking about , and you &apos;re going to get your best friend into the hot debate , but you &apos;re going to tell you that you &apos;re going to get this feeling that you &apos;re sick , and you &apos;re going to make it worse .
and you can never do that as a result of that .
this kind of shame is kind of a teacher .
the unhealthy shame that i &apos;m talking about here is that you get you sick .
so this is something that you &apos;re doing , not what you &apos;re doing .
and that was what i felt .
and it wasn &apos;t just my fault , but it wasn &apos;t my fault .
he talked to that family and i &apos;m sure that it has eased the problem and blocking it .
and i kept asking myself these questions .
why didn &apos;t i ask him ? why did i send it home ?
and then i had some worse moments : why did i do this kind of dumb ?
why did i choose medicine ?
it was very useful .
i started feeling a little bit good .
and a day when the air was cloudy , it became thunder sky , and the sun started to look , and i wondered , i felt good .
and i &apos;ve negotiated myself with myself , and if i do two degrees of work to make myself perfect , please stop , please stop sound .
and they stopped .
and i went back to my work .
and then it happened .
two years ago , i was responsible for the emergency ward of a hospital in toronto , just north of toronto , and i saw a 25-year-old man .
there was density , and i was a little bit quick .
he was showing it .
and i looked at the nose , it was a little bit darker .
and i gave him a recipe for penicillin and sent it .
and he was still pointing out his nose at that door .
and two days later i came to the next emergency hearing , and my brother said he wanted to talk to me at a slow voice .
and he said three words : do you remember it ?
do you remember the nose that you &apos;ve seen ?
as a result , it was discovered that it wasn &apos;t a germ .
however , he had a situation called the vital risk .
if you can look at google , you can actually look at the infection , but it could lead to the closure of the nose and the upper respiratory path .
and the chance of luck was that dead .
the urine antibiotics were started , and within a few days , it was cool .
and i went back to the same kind of shame and accusations , and i went back to my work , and over again , and over and over again .
in the same emergency period , i jumped two times .
this is somehow happening , especially in a hospital where you have 14 patients .
i don &apos;t think they &apos;re both in their homes , and i don &apos;t think there &apos;s any risk in their environment .
i thought of kidney as a kidney .
i wanted kidney x-ray . the result was that my friend , which is normal , took a sense of sensitivity in the right part of the chest , and called the surgeons .
there was a lot of blood in the middle .
i proposed some liquids , and i asked my friend to evaluate him .
and he did it , and he was looking for the surgeons when he was feeling tension in the chest .
in both cases , they did their operations and patients got sick .
but they came to me every time , like they ate me .
and i &apos;d like to tell you , i &apos;d like to tell you that the worst mistakes that my worst mistakes have been in the first five years of my work were in the first five years .
some are in the last five years .
it &apos;s lonely , and it &apos;s vulnerable .
the problem is : if i feel clean and i don &apos;t speak about my mistakes , if i don &apos;t hear the sound that tells me what &apos;s happening , how do i share it with colleagues ?
how do i teach them how to teach them to do what i do ?
if i go to the room now , i don &apos;t know what you think about it .
when did someone talk to you about a mistake ?
yes , the tea goes to party and you listen to another doctor &apos;s talk , but you &apos;re not going to hear somebody who &apos;s talking about their mistakes .
and if i went into a room with colleagues , and then they &apos;d like to ask for their support , some of the things that i &apos;d just told you about , maybe they &apos;re really uncomfortable with my stories , some of whom are really uncomfortable , and they talk about it .
and in fact , if i and my friends knew that one of the nurses had broken the wrong leg of one of the medical clinics , i had trouble with that person .
so we have this system .
a system based on errors .
there are two positions in this system , those who make mistakes and error failure , not those who do sleep , and those who do a lot of success and make a very successful result .
and this is almost like an ideological reaction , and it &apos;s something like the resistance of antibodies .
and it has a sense that if you take the mistakes out of medicine , it stays safely .
but there are two problems .
i did a personal study to learn about the first 20 or many years of medical publications in medical publishing and the research of medical medicine , to learn from the first articles i wrote in my first book , &quot; white coat , black art &quot; .
and what i learned is that mistakes are always and everywhere .
we &apos;re in a system that &apos;s there every day , every single day , one of the 10 types of complications , or the wrong drug , is the wrong drug , and the hospital is going to cause destruction and death .
in this country , there are more than 1,000 , many canadians are dying .
in the united states , medical institute is 100,000 .
in both cases , there &apos;s big shortage because we don &apos;t do what we do .
and here &apos;s an example .
sleep disruption in the hospital system , which is doubling in both or three years , is definitely increasing .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .
we have our own mentor judgments , and i can tell a wonderful story about a patient with breast pain .
now , you take the same patient , you get the same patient , you do it with salt and his jaw , and a little bit of alcohol , and suddenly it becomes a binding form .
i get the same story .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i always do everything with the same way .
and my patients are not cars ; they don &apos;t always take their symptoms .
if you take all this into account , mistakes are inevitable .
you take a system that i &apos;m trained , and it &apos;s possible to make mistakes , and just take the medical staff out of it , no one &apos;s left .
and you know this industry about people who don &apos;t want to talk about bad cases .
i &apos;ve made my show , &quot; white hats , black art , &quot; &quot; here i am the worst , &quot; and i can tell everybody , &quot; here &apos;s what &apos;s my worst , &quot; and i can tell you , &quot; here &apos;s what i &apos;m going to say , &quot; and i said , &quot; well , what &apos;s the worst thing ? &quot;
and they could grow their babies , they could be naked , and then they would look down , and they would start telling their stories .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share .
they want to say , &quot; look , you &apos;re doing the mistake that i do . &quot;
they need a environment that they can tell .
they need a new definition of medical culture .
and that starts every time with a doctor .
it &apos;s a newly defined doctor , and it knows that human beings , it &apos;s not proud of making mistakes , but it &apos;s a lesson to be able to get a lesson from what we have to do .
they share their experiences with others .
when others talk about mistakes , others are supportive .
and not to be able to get into the mistakes of others , but it &apos;s full of love , it &apos;s very supportive .
and they admit that there are people who work as a human culture , and people who are working in the system , and they &apos;re going to make mistakes in the meantime .
the system is improving the experience , making it easier for people to make the mistakes that people do , and the way that you can see the way that everyone has been able to do so , like the health care system , and that &apos;s what they &apos;re doing , and people like me have been able to do it because they make mistakes .
my name is brian goldman .
i &apos;m a redefined doctor .
i &apos;m a person . i make mistakes .
so , i &apos;m sorry , but let &apos;s try to learn to learn to teach others .
i don &apos;t know what you &apos;re thinking about , but i can also live with it .
and let me end my own three words : i really remember .
this is a little idea that i &apos;m going to talk about this day .
it &apos;s about the level level .
i &apos;m going to tell you three stories before i can put this idea in a minute .
and the first story is about charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you know , it was there in 2003 .
you might think he was running , but it couldn &apos;t stop .
actually , he was carrying fish .
and he described it as &quot; widespread &quot; .
this is the pearl bowl .
it was very common to hunting these fish by 2030 .
now these fish are on the list of endangered species .
now we &apos;ve heard a lot of this story , there &apos;s no particular feature of galapagos islands and other places .
but we &apos;re still going to galapagos .
we think it &apos;s intact .
and it &apos;s shown in the print that it &apos;s perfectly pure and clean .
so what &apos;s going on there ?
the second story is , at the same time , showing a different concept , the size of the shifting .
in 1978 , i was in the middle east africa .
i was there because i grew up in europe and i wanted to work in africa .
i thought i would adapt .
i fell in a bad way , and i really convinced that i wasn &apos;t there .
this is my first solar impression .
it was a tornado with palm trees and a little bit of kelp .
there were about 20 centimeters about a hundred inches of guinea , from the galapagos reef .
this kind of fishing is fishing , and it was passed well , and it was better than the average of ghana .
and when i went there five years later , fish fell half .
they were about five millimeters .
they were genetically controlled .
fish farms were still there .
they were still happy .
fish were also happy to be there .
there was no changed thing , but everything changed .
my third story is that i am a partner in the network of crime partner in southeast asia .
in the 1970s , in the early 1960s , it made a lot of european development projects .
tourism in the fisheries meant that the countries of the country , with 100,000 pies , had to make industrial fishing .
this is a pretty ugly vessel called krasimir 4 .
and i opened this boat in the sea , and south china , especially in the south of the galapagos , we &apos;ve done research in the galapagos sea .
we couldn &apos;t describe it with words .
now i understand what we &apos;re doing , and we captured the sea .
they &apos;re 90 percent of the other creatures that we &apos;ve collected .
in fact , most of the fish were in the wreckage , there were corals in the wreckage .
the sea sank , and then he was thrown back into the sea .
these pictures are extraordinary because the transitions are very fast .
in a year , you &apos;re doing research , and commercial fishing begins .
it turned into the bottom of the sea , or the soft corals .
this is a dead turtle .
they didn &apos;t win , they were dumped back into the sea .
we &apos;ve once captured live .
not yet .
they wanted to kill for food .
fishermen have been in the area of fishing , where they have been doing this pile of migraine , but they have been documented .
we change our world and forget it .
we bring the ocean base to a new level , and we don &apos;t remember it .
if we make a count , something like this happens .
suppose that there are good things in the y-axis : biodiversity , killer whales , the landscapes of your country , water resources .
it &apos;s changing over time ; the reason for change is people , or natural conditions .
each generation takes the images that he sees in the beginning of his conscious life , and he picks it up .
he sees the difference between what happens at that moment .
but before that , it doesn &apos;t seem to be missing .
there can be a background .
at the end , if you look at it , it &apos;s actually the poor grain that you want to protect .
now that &apos;s what we do .
what we want to keep going on is not that we have already gone or in the past .
they were thought to have influenced the prehistoric people , and they killed animals , and they were aware that they did it after a few generations .
because naturally , it &apos;s the extinction of a very , very large animal .
so you can &apos;t lose a lot of animals .
you lose the numbers .
so they &apos;re not perceived as a big loss .
over time , we focus on big animals , and this means that it &apos;s big fish .
they fall down , because they &apos;re catching them .
and over time , we have a couple of fish , we call it a base level .
the question is , why do people do that ?
because we don &apos;t know that it &apos;s different before .
in fact , many people say this is actually very different .
they say that because the previous evidence are not presented as they want .
for example , the captain doesn &apos;t know that there &apos;s a lot of fish before , because it &apos;s not used by scientists , because it &apos;s not &quot; scientific &quot; .
so the situation is that even though we have the community , we don &apos;t know the past because they don &apos;t believe in the resources of the past .
therefore , protection zones play an important role .
because we &apos;re redefining the past of protection .
we &apos;re redefining the past that people don &apos;t see , because it &apos;s changing and it &apos;s very below .
this is , for people who can be able to see the protected areas , they can adjust the base levels so that they can adjust their levels .
what if people don &apos;t have access to them -- for example ?
for them , i think art can fill space , films and simulation .
this is a simulation of chesapeake bay .
in the old days , 500 years ago , there were gray whales in chesapeake bay .
you notice color and color like the universe .
when you think of nirvana , why don &apos;t you think that people are very influenced by him -- you don &apos;t forget the story of johnny -- so they were so impressed by those images ?
because it reminded them things that were lost .
so my suggestion is , i &apos;m going to be the only suggestion , james cameron &apos;s robot -- he &apos;s underwater .
thank you very much .
if there was a typewriter in the 1980s in eastern germany , you would put it on the government .
you &apos;ve done the example of a written letter written in the typewriter .
and that &apos;s what this government did to find the source of the text .
when they found a piece of paper that had a wrong thought , they would be able to figure out this idea .
and we don &apos;t understand how much one of the west can do it , how much it can do .
we never did this in our own countries .
but today , in 2011 , if you buy a colored laser printer from any leading laser printer , and you &apos;re going to have a page , it &apos;ll be yellow dots that show you that this page has a yellow color , which shows you and your personality .
that &apos;s what happens to us today .
and it seems that nobody &apos;s going to care about it .
and this is an example of our governments that show us one of the ways that we can use the technology .
and this is one of three main sources of online problems today .
if we look at what &apos;s really happening in the online world , we can take the attacks based on the attack .
we have three main groups .
there are online criminals .
like the ukrainian city of kiev , ukraine , kiev .
and it &apos;s not hard to understand the causes of online criminals to commit crime .
these guys make money .
they &apos;re using online attacks to make a lot , lots of money .
in fact , people who earn money in online attacks have lots of lawsuits .
here is estonia , estonia &apos;s vladimir tsvetkov .
this is alfred gonzalez .
this is stephen watt .
this is bjorn cousins .
this is matthew anderson , emmanuel noujaim and so on .
these guys make their wealth online , but they do it with illegal means , and we &apos;re using the banking virus to steal the bank , or to buy the credit card in order to buy a computer , or to buy a computer card , or buy a computer card .
the u.s. secret service , two months ago , the swiss bank of mr. sam luther froze the swiss bank account and was frozen $ 360m .
mr. jain is a poachers ; nobody knows where it is .
and i bet even today that any of us in the real world is the possibility of a crime victim .
and clearly it &apos;s getting worse .
in the future , most crimes will be online .
the second largest group of aggressive attackers that we watch every day is not money .
their reason is something else -- the reasons for protest , the reasons for the reason .
groups such as anonymous have grown over the past 12 months , and have been a major place among online attacks .
so these are three main assailants : criminals who do money for money , like hackers , but the last group of people who do these attacks , governments , governments .
and we look at similar cases that are happening in parol .
this is the best example of what the government is attacking its own citizens .
it &apos;s a certificate institution in the netherlands -- more , it was .
they were going bankrupt last fall because they were attacked .
he went into their systems and killed it completely virus .
and last week at a meeting , i asked representatives of the dutch government , and i asked one of the leaders of the team , and i asked him whether people were killed because of the attack against him .
and he was able to answer the answer .
how would people die as a result of this attack ?
sb is a certification institution .
they sell certificate .
what do you do ?
you need a certificate , you need a certificate , if you have a server that has access to the safe http network .
now , we &apos;re all , or our big part , we use one of the ceos , but the servers are particularly popular in the totalitarian states , which are particularly iranian , because they know that the local governments use foreign servers , which are more reliable than the iraqis , because they know they &apos;re more reliable than local governments .
but if they attack an alien , they &apos;ll be .
they can do fake certificates , they can do it .
and that &apos;s exactly what happened in the case of the bayesian case .
what about the arab spring and the events , for example ?
in egypt , on april 15th , the rebels destroyed the hidden police of the british secret police and found a lot of paper .
and there was a file called &quot; swaptree . &quot;
and it had the ratings of a company in germany , and it was a vehicle that was sold to the egyptian government for prevention -- and it was a huge amount of the country &apos;s citizens .
they sold the vehicle to the egyptian government .
the company &apos;s centers are right here .
so western governments are providing these tools for the totalitarian states to use their own citizens .
but western governments do it themselves .
for example , in germany , a few weeks ago , a few weeks ago , the so-called hayden horse virus found a virus that was used by german government officials to study their own citizens .
if you suspect in a public case , we know that your phone will be heard .
but today , the situation has gone beyond this .
they &apos;ll follow the internet .
in fact , they &apos;re going to use these tools , which are the tools that you &apos;re going to use to get to your computer , which will allow them to monitor all our communication , listen online , listen to your online .
now , when we think about things like this , we need to take the obvious answer : &quot; okay , it sounds bad , but it doesn &apos;t affect me because it doesn &apos;t affect the law .
why is it worrying ?
because i don &apos;t have anything to hide . &quot;
and this is meaningless .
we &apos;re talking about privacy .
privacy is not clear .
it &apos;s not a question of privacy .
this is the question of freedom versus freedom .
and now , in 2011 , our governments could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able forever to be able to get trust .
and if we do not rely on a future government that we will have 50 years after that , do we have the eyes safe ?
we &apos;re not going to worry about these questions over the next 50 years .
this may sound interesting , but i love concrete blocks .
the first concrete blocks are made in the &apos; 60s . the idea is simple : they &apos;re connected to each other ; they &apos;re built with a fixed pattern .
concrete blocks have become the most used material in the world soon .
buildings allow us to do big things , like bridges .
concrete blocks have basically become a building stone .
almost a hundred years later , lego emerged with this .
they said , &quot; well , they said that .
and at the end of the year , lego bricks found themselves everywhere .
according to estimates , the 400 billion bricks have been made so far -- 75 bricks per person in the world .
you don &apos;t have to be engineers to build bridges , bridges , buildings .
lego has made it accessible .
in essence , the concrete block of the cement block has made the world &apos;s structure a building .
this next year , the next revolution at bell labs was to be announced , and the next building is the stone .
the transistor , a small plastic unit , would bring us into a world where everything was placed on each other , and everything was interactive .
a transistor like the concrete block would allow you to do very , very complicated circuits .
the fundamental difference was that the transistor was only for experts .
i don &apos;t care about the construction of our time , so i decided to change this .
eight years ago , i started thinking about the power of engineers and designers at the media lab .
a few years ago , i started developing risd .
let me show you how they work .
eps are electronic devices that have their own function .
they &apos;ve been designed , they have light , sound , motor and sensors .
the most amazing properties can go through each other .
so you can make it wrong .
these blocks were created with color .
green is the blue , blue , pink entrance , orange .
so you can make the blue that you have to do , and you can easily make bigger circuits .
you can make light green and make light .
you can put a button on them and you can roll light a little bit .
you can turn the button into a coup tool , and you can burn it and burn it .
you can go a little further and make a noise machine .
i &apos;ll stop here .
in this simple game , the arithmetic is really strong .
it allows you to connect with the wires , instead of connecting the wires , instead of editing .
it &apos;s just trying to turn this button to slow the sun and slow it , so it &apos;s faster or slower .
the idea behind the cpu is a growing library .
we want to make every interaction in the world ready to be ready .
the lights , the sounds , the solar panels , the motors , everything has to be accessible .
we &apos;re watching to give kids a click .
this is a wonderful experience .
the most amazing thing is that they start to understand electronics around them , not in school .
for example , they understand how a night lamp works or how open a elevator is left , or how it responds to the ipod .
we also take risd to design schools .
for example , designers that have nothing to do with electronics are starting to play with a material like zipcar .
here , we see a leaf from the mouth and the paper .
we took a few weeks ago to z , and we gave some designers who didn &apos;t have the engineering experience -- we said , &quot; do something . &quot;
so here you see a project that they do , and it &apos;s a nonprofit that works .
this is my favorite project .
it &apos;s a fish that fears the dark skin .
for those of those who are not the engineer , the vouchers have been a different material .
we want everyone to reach this material .
so it &apos;s open source .
you can go to the web site and replace the design files .
we want to encourage the inventors , the creators , to encourage them , because the world we live on is this interactive world .
so let &apos;s start creating .
thank you .
